PEDAI

"Bonds", "Fetters"


Kirk A. Shellko

BodenlosTwenty




Copyright © 2023 Kirk A Shellko All rights reserved



The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons,
living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.



No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any
form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without
express written permission of the publisher and author, except by a reviewer who may quote
brief passages in a review to be printed in
a newspaper, magazine or journal. Second Edition ISBN-13: 979-8-3507-0560-7



Cover art by: Kristy Rawson Printed in the United States of America




Title Page
Copyright
Foreword
Orange Hue
Jade Collars Winnowing the Hues Yellow Ochre




CONTENTS



Vivid Carmine Ichor
Crimson Mars in a yellow Robe
Iron Brown industrial Camaraderie Furthering the Pursuit of Unity
Yellow Joy and Iron Red Ire
Furthering the Pursuit of Cadmium Orange Yellow Joy to Come
Yellow Joy and a Wisp of Spiteful Vermillion Catharsis for the Other
Wiliness Clad in Golden Habit
The Changing of the Hues
Jade Canines and Orange Men
The Purple Divinity's Joyous Ravings
Tarnish Brown the Yellow Giant
Purple Treatment for the Unfortunate




A Blackened Yellow and a tawny black Origin of a Vermillion Character
Vermillion Red Pretends Joyous Yellow Tarnished Yellow and Iron Red Rue
Changing Hues



Rosey Fingered Rage
More Changing of the Hues: A Reddening Unfortunate Corvus Monedula
Fetters of the Enraptured Family
The Mingling of Blue and Black
Black and Red Make Blue
Glittering Brazen Triumph of the Unfortunate
Vera Familia Sanguinea
The Fate of The Unfortunate
Tawny Yellow Endings
Purple Becomes the Wine God
Epilogue
FOREWORD

Pedai is meant to be disturbing. It is violent and sometimes dispiriting. Not
an ordinary narrative, it possesses aspects of ordinary narration. Pedai's
narrative presents itself as an absurdity, locked in conflict with moments of
joy and pleasure. Pedai stands with the others in the series of the Other
and One as a phenomenological narration filled with peril and comfort,
meant to disquiet, but mostly its best description is perhaps noir philosophy.
Our lives are difficult and filled with suffering, even for the most fortunate of
us. We are replete with errant thought and lacunae, as are our bonds.



Kirk Shellko




My home is the marsh where the iron rail meets heaven and the
soot-seeped sky breathes black and gray the ash of Hamilton's miasma. I
am friend, adversary,
companion, neighbor, co-conspirator and partner. I am a vigorous creature
whose morality is organic as my life.




ORANGE HUE

Mallory awoke with a start; he didn’t know where he was, or who he was.
Gradually, the creep of recognition seeped into his mind.



“Oh...yeah. That’s right, Mallory.”



He crafted a half-roll about his bed, and saw the clock beside at the
number seven and thirty.



“Time to move,” he thought.



Mallory didn’t budge. He couldn’t dislodge himself from his semi-fetal
position. His back ached; his legs were stiff, and his head was not thus far
clear, not yet alert enough to tell him that he felt no comfort. He opened his
mouth, and felt his parched lips with his tongue, lifting his head--which was
quite close to the ceiling of his small bedroom in his condominium--then let
it fall back onto the pillow beneath. He remembered now: he was inebriated
still, harddrunk. He had closed down a five o’clock bar, but he hadn’t
obtained what he wanted. Earlier that evening, he had meandered about
the lake-side on his bicycle, watching the sun set, which gave him a restful
feeling. Then he stopped by café Taedium and chatted with some
friends--made some acquaintances--for a while, but the sun was no lasting
comfort and his companions, while entertaining enough, only heaved
burden upon him as he dragged himself about that day. He was a forty- five
year old man who had lived in Chicago for seven years, the result of a
failed attempt at marriage. He had moved to the Midwest, but she
abandoned their plans--abandoned him--and he remained in the city. His
siblings had children of their own, or had begun seemingly early the
anticipated descent into oblivion. Mallory was not a depressed man, nor
was he particularly excitable, but of late he was unable to shake a feeling of
anxious discontent. While he had drank- been-drunk that night, he enjoyed
the mint julep that was his favorite beverage; his taste for flat mint made
him the butt of many jokes that came from the




regulars at The Everyday Tavern Entautha.



“You drink like a woman,” he’d heard.
 “He doesn’t drink like a woman; he drinks women’s drinks.”



“He knows what I mean.”



Mallory chuckled goodnature-like, and the patrons laughed while his drink
tasted not minty, but like paste. Mallory thought that his
less-than-contentment with the night’s festivities had something to do with a
minor altercation in which he had found himself earlier that day. He rode his
bicycle everywhere, even to the bars on Thursdays and Fridays, and he
had found himself waiting for a regular, whom he knew only slightly, to affix
his bicycle to a bike-rack just outside The Everyday Tavern Entautha.
Mallory had been frustrated that day, and he was aggravated all the more
because he was unable to determine why he felt as he did. He supposed
that he had possessed an angry mien, and when the man had at last
affixed his cycle to the blackmetal arch firm-held in the cement, he
discovered Mallory staring hard at it. The man walked a few feet; turned
back.



“What’s goin’ on?” the man said in a banana-bread-beer aggravated tone.



Mallory turned to him, confused at his irritation. “I’m trying to decide if my
bike will fit.”



The man hurriedly walked over to his bicycle and moved its back end a bit
to the right.



“Good enough?”



But when Mallory rolled his cycle toward the metal-black arch, the man
smashed the palm of his hand into Mallory’s face and shoved him onto the
ground. He then arose from his crouched position and indifferently
sauntered into The Everyday Tavern Entautha. Bewildered and shaking,
Mallory arose and locked his cycle to the black-metal arch. He was pensive
for a moment, wondering if he ought to enter. In the end, he sat at his
regular station. Surprisingly, the night was pleasant; as others had been
during his time in




Midwest glad-hand land. He darted with Amity, his long-time confidant who
had listened to his salt-teased rumblings concerning the death of his
marriage plan-- the ruin of hope--a destruction which lasted so long as it
took Mallory to drink his fiancé out of his mind. She had found herself an
urban lawyer who became an explosion of handy-cash, just ready. Amity
listened to him repeatedly over the course of months and when at last she
grew so tired of hearing how he claimed to be celibate for his love,



“Pathetic...you’re pathetic.” “??”



“No, really Mal, just stop it with this shit. She’s gone. Forget about it.”



He had been surprised at her reaction; she had never before tired of his
pathetic ramblings. Weary and long annoyed, she refused to speak to him
for three weeks. When they finally, silently, reconciled, he returned a slightly
older, diminished and paler man slumping in his own frame, as if some god
had robbed him of vital breath. He drank a bit less, didn’t lament over the
ruin of his plans; at least he didn’t mention them. He simply darted at the
bar; became angry every so often and fought, though not regularly. Amity
was his competent, and consistent, dart partner. She was part of a league
that regularly won.
“She is good,” thought Mallory. Thus their bond.



Still, she wasn’t enough that night. Nothing was wrong. Mallory had a good
job, regular income. He purchased a “nice place” near the lake. Friends
came to his condominium periodically, and he had money in the bank,
which was somewhat rare. No, nothing bothered him, at least nothing he
was able to discern, yet he was unable to drive away a feeling of anxious
dejection. True, he was over- worked, and he felt as if his life would go no
further than it already had. He was in the process of balding his red-orange
hair, which had been thick throughout his thirties and early forties, but the
slow steal of demise upon his frame troubled him no more. No, some thing
in the back of his mind kept slipping upon him. It told him things, kept him
from enjoying himself. It was a sinking, liquid slump of lead constantly
dripping-down-along the back stem of his brain, filling the length of his
spine out into his mouth; it made him nauseous and compelled him to say
things.




“I need you,” he might blurt out to no-one while alone at home.



Mallory thought that possibly he still had residual feelings for his fiancé, but
she was two women ago. There had been Narcissa, then Theodora who
were older than she, compulsive and altogether too selfish for his taste.
Them he had forgotten easily, had trouble remembering Theodora’s name.
She was such a pain in the ass. No, it was her voice he heard when he
said it, but that too was peculiar. Once in a great while, he saw her, walking
along Michigan Avenue downtown, or at Water-Tower place. They would
have a friendly conversation, almost as if they were able to retain goodwill.
When he met her, an overwhelming feeling of relief flowed toward his eyes
through her form and into his ears through her voice down along his
vertebrae, draining the lead. He had no attachment to this woman at all.
And, a week or so later,



“I love you” crept out to no one.



And then, again, there was a sinking drip of slumping lead in his mouth and
on his tongue up into the back of his head, which became heavier when he
drank alcohol, or even when he sipped coffee. It remained his; it didn’t
come from her. Though the alcohol made it worse, he was unable to keep
himself from drinking his way into numbed comfort, short-run content.
Mallory was friendly enough, but he wasn’t going out of his way to greet or
meet anyone. In fact, he chatted most exclusively with Amity and
“Punk-boy.” Mallory didn’t know his real name; he merely recognized him
as the other cigarette-seeped beerbellies knew him.



“I don’t wanna hear anything,” he had said to Amity. “I don’t want to hear
anyone bitch. I don’t want to hear about anyone’s good fortune. I don’t
wanna hear about nothin’.”



And that is when a man, whom no-one recognized or knew, began a
conversation.



“Have you ever considered your body?”



Mallory was about to tell him he didn’t care, that he disliked conversations
such as his.
“Have you ever considered that your feelings, sexual preference, even your
beliefs are all merely chemistry gurgling about in your body and brain?
When




you die, if you’ve left nothing behind for others, their living will continue on
as if you never existed. You will return to what you recall before your birth.”



“I don’t want to hear this crap right now,” said Mallory. “Back to the abyss.”



A peculiar, sable fellow, making strange his words, he possessed deep,
jet-black hair and pitchy eyes. He was clad in a soft, blackwoolen overcoat
that appeared to have no buttons; it was seamless. His pants were silky
cotton black; cheerlessness and severe was his manner. Doused heavily in
nicotine rain, his odor was not unpleasant. He wore as well a pungent, virile
cologne that mingled with the smoke and scotch that permeated his
existence, was he. His skin thus appeared to seep nicotine, and he ate
black and green sardines that he had purchased at a store nearby the bar.



“Hello, Friend.” And he smiled.
JADE COLLARS

A large woman dressed in a red suit, looking like a kind of uniform
complete with flat golden buttons running down a long skirt that enclosed a
plump and shapely body, accompanied this Newcomer who had begun a
conversation with Mallory. Her hair black-and-blond streaked, she carried a
bobby-pin dangling on the thick skin of her nose. The Newcomer drank
scotch, Blackmark’s own. His hair was long, but pinned back along his neck
in a net, and the sides of his head above his ears were close-clipped. His
chiseled features revealed a vigorous feminine masculinity, elongated and
strong-lissome doe. He was polished, and witted-quick.



“He gave me new body,” the woman slurred.



Heavy with stupor, she observed the patrons of The Everyday Tavern
Entautha with aggravated suspicion; her eyebrows, youthfulthick, knitted
when she looked at anyone, but when the Newcomer talked with her, she
was calm and smiled-- even laughed--which appeared to be rarities on a
face chiseled from granite by keen discontent. The Newcomer pecked her
on the cheek, and she giggled, while Mallory noticed a wilt in her eye. She
seemed to him as though, smiling, she was poised to weep. She leaned
forward into the bar while her eyes slowly shut, unable to push her huge
frame back up. Amity wondered whether she ought to call the bouncer, but
the Newcomer--his seat beside hers--leaned toward the woman in red,
whispered something in her ear. He held her hand, and, his arm placed
about her ample back, he soothed the liquored antagonism of the grand-
sized belle. Frowned and perplexed, she arose with difficulty, and Mallory
noticed that her face was comely, possessing high cheekbones and finely-
wrought features--her eyes lined with deep orange-red hue. He disliked that
“sort of thing.” She perked herself up, she the supposed indifferent.



“Gave me a new body,” she repeated.




The Newcomer ignored her while she said these things. Instead, he turned
to Mallory. “She was a great deal larger.”



The Newcomer laughed. “Yeah?”



“It’s her first day out.”



The large woman busied herself by chatting up a goateed morsel of
less-than- manliness who sat opposite her.



“It costs plenty of money, if you have it done properly.” “Oh really?” mock
serious Mallory replied.



“Yes it’s true. And now, Brazil is prepared for her new life.”
 The large and formerly obese woman abandoned her beverage while she
half- staggered through a swingdoor exit nearby. A few moments later three
concerned-looking women surrounded her mass of flesh, which was lying
flat and stretched out on the floor. They picked her up, or rather assisted
her while she rose, and escorted her into a rest-room. Amused and at
ease, the Newcomer remained in his seat. Four television sets assaulted
the particular spot where Mallory and the Newcomer sat, all of which
sported the same sporting event. Mallory watched the Sox game with
pretense of interest. He had made a bet, and he expected that the White
Sox would win. He had always enjoyed playing and watching sporting
events, but while he sat beneath the urban assault of televisions upon his
weary head, he had felt unusual. Sipping his mint julep, he suffered a
further weight upon his anxiety. Mallory resisted an urge to walk about the
bar-floor, to plead his frustration to an inebriated arbiter. He worried how
such quick-panicked urges plagued him of late, his mind in a sling. His
beloved game tired him with its repetition, and the ball-players presented
him with less than pleasure even disinterest, but he was unable to discern
the cause of his discomfort. He recognized more clearly the absurd
repetition of the darters and the inebriates who spouted the same opinions
in virtually the same manner, sometimes on the same day. Pool-playing
college students enjoying Everyday Tavern Entautha dive-bar status sank
him deeper in discontent, and his comrades-in-drink appeared more pitiful
and wretched than usual, frustrated and pleasantly numb. Even Amity, who
was always strong as an iron gate, seemed to




Mallory to occupy the same drug-filled depression in a successful attempt
to heap earth upon her woe. Mallory thought that his mind would explode or
dissolve, but he managed--barely--to keep himself together, since he
considered the sensation he was experiencing and its transitory nature. It
would pass soon, but before it left him his sensation would compel Mallory
to think, yet again, about his fiancé, his ex-best friend, who now thought as
little of him as he did of strangers. Again, there was the leaden weight upon
the back of his skull, and then there was this man, the Newcomer who
seemed peculiarly out of place in a tavern where few patrons stood out.



“Why is it that fat girls always whine?” asked the Newcomer.



Mallory wanted to hear no more. He looked the opposite direction.



“They appear to be incapable of remaining quiet,” he continued.



The Newcomer lit a cigarette, took a swig from his scotch, winced at his
drink for some reason. He motioned toward Brazil who had at that moment
returned afresh from her quest for make-up and chat.



“The morning is greeted with a whine, perhaps a whimper. Breakfast is sad
and lost, even their favorite morning candy becomes tasteless.”



Having just then sat down, the former obese Brazil flashed her eyes sad
upon him, a quick glance. She was a whimper, as she remained the former
obese woman, yet she gathered shards of dignity and suppressed her sob
the better to deprive the Newcomer of the morsel of her psyche he needed
to gnaw. She loved him brother-like for what he had done.



“The afternoon witnesses the only moment of the day that may beget hope,
and so she is at least quiet during that time, but that period lasts only an
hour or so.”
Noticing that Mallory was paying no attention, the Newcomer ceased his
monologue. He walked quick-confidence outside the tavern into an awaiting
auto, disappearing within.



“Why do you let him speak to you like that?” asked Mallory.




“You’ve no idea what you’re talking about,” Brazil garbled.



The swing-door opened the tavern for two leashless dogs. The first, an
excited but seemingly nervous brazen-skinned canine, wandered into the
tavern four or five steps, then anxiously looked back toward the door. The
dog halted sharp, leaning precariously its head toward a woman who was
reaching her hand out so that the animal might smell. He pulled back at
first, then performed a kind of tap dance as his bronze form awaited master
commands. He bowed his head tranquil while other patrons offered pats
and hands that might give longed-for affection. The animal glanced back at
the door, again and again, awaiting the advent of a companion. His nervous
attention abated when another familiar form of canine trotted through the
gate followed by the clad-black Newcomer. The brazen canine lifted his
head and confidently joined the other dog at his side, both directing their
master as a pair of confident, well-trained horses might lead an ancient
hero into the theater of war--or perhaps a victory procession. The second of
the two canines was larger, not by much, but noticeably more powerful and
seemingly dominant. Both were hairless, except for a patch of short and
rough fur on the head and face. Their ears folded over themselves,
semi-flop, and their heads were alert, always glancing back at the
Newcomer who appeared to direct them with nods and movements of his
hands. These hounds stood straight while they moved cautiously round the
well-worn bar. All attention paid was theirs to command as they entered,
and most patrons seemed delighted at the prospect of tapping the chiseled
and hairless bodies of perfectly brazed and black dogs. The Newcomer
held two shiny, black-leather leashes in his right hand, smiling broadly while
he walked slow-procession back to his seat. The former obese woman
beamed while she spoke softly to the familiar two, brazed and black, who in
turn returned a grinned



dogsmile to her with their eyes. “Hi babies.”



The one brazen she offered a broken pretzel-morsel, the other moved
closer to the Newcomer. The Brazen took, and chewed slightly, the bit of
hardened bread, then spat most of it onto the grubby floor of the tavern
where he continued to lick up then crunch on the fragments. The sharp
outline of the dogs’ frames gave the animals a stone-chiseled dignity, their
durable features and their lean, healthy bodies hairless beauty manifest.
The snout of the black Xolo possessed a graceful decline that glided
proportionately along an alert, elegant face




completed by bright-brown eyes eager to act, and desirous to please the
beloved master. A thin yet powerful neck held their dignity aloft, and gave
hourglass the shape between the heads and muscular, well-exercised
frames of these canines. Two of the ladies, who had helped the former
obese woman become ambulatory, arrived with pats and supple words for
the friendly, brazen animal while the black dog silent-lingered alongside the
Newcomer.
“Better get those dogs out of here,” Mallory mentioned.



The former obese woman and one of her newfound friends ignored him
consciously.



“Amity’s out back right now, but when she gets back...”



He didn’t finish his sentence for emphasis, and the interested patrons,
fellow inebriates and college students disregarded him while the Newcomer
drained another glass of scotch. The canines continued to glance tensely
back to the Newcomer, seemingly uncertain what would come from him
next, and unmoving they continued their bright dogsmile, which in turn
charmed more inebriates. Once in a while the Newcomer would move his
head slightly or flip his hand, and one or both dogs would turn to him, lick
his hand in order to receive a kind of blessing or a concealed morsel from
him. They were, in turn, adjuncts of a god who led Others. Mallory noticed
that around their necks hung jade collars; the calm anxiety with which they
greeted the Newcomer and his hefty womanfriend was evident. Mallory
decided that he hated this man.



The Newcomer cup-clapped his hands, and both animals came to
attention. He treated the bronze with red-meat jerky and clicked his fingers,
then motioned a half-circle around and along the length of space between
the former obese girl and himself. Charcoal Xolo perked his head up and
jerked forward, wondering if he had interpreted his master correctly and,
overcast, the Other nodded. The dog began its journey down the length of
the bar toward the end of the space that occupied the dimlit-haze,
liquor-scent and inebriates. Eyes and heads turned to gather in the
obedient canine who trotted the length of the establishment, dogsmiling all
the while. When the midsized animal came to a halt, it sat while its will
waited, eyes fixed upon the Newcomer. He paused, until he knew that the
patrons and the dog were attending him; he motioned to the animal and
having lifted its head as high as it was able,




“AAAaaaaaaahhhhhhhhoooowwooowooowoowowowwoooooo.”
 And then silence draped its sodden form over the patrons until,
“AAAaaaaaaahhhhhhhhoooowwooowooowoowowowwooooooo” once
again.



Laughter, surprise and merriment appeared and abounded, with the usual
exception of too inebriated patrons, or distracted enjoyers, fixed upon
playing- card video-screens. Again, and this time much louder, was the
silence. One inebriate mischievously clapped his hands and in mimicry did
the tavern erupt in roaring applause, shouts and curses intermingled. The
Newcomer smiled while he toasted, mockingly, with his formerly obese
friend who beamed with delight at the beam that delightedly fed
nourishment to her famished psyche.



“Who the fuck let this dog in here?!” shouted a woman who was walking
quickstep to the bar proper.



She led a worried-looking Xoloitzcuintli by the green of his neckband.
Mallory nodded to the Newcomer, and Amity furiously addressed him.
“I don’t know who the hell you think you are, but get out of my bar, and take
your fucking dog with you!”



“Dogs,” corrected Mallory.



He pointed grinnedly to the brazen canine sitting beside the formerly obese
woman. Amity angrily took in the second Xoloitzcuintli, then at Mallory.



“You saw all this going on?”
 Mallory blankly.
 “And your lazy ass sat there doin’ nothin’.” Amity tended to the Newcomer
again.



“I don’t want no Health Department comin’ in here, and takin’ away my
liquor license. Go!”




She pointed.
 “You mean you don’t want any Health...”
 Amity glared at him about to speak. He smiled.
 “These dogs benefit your tavern...”
 The Newcomer looked toward his formerly obese friend, Brazil, for
support. “...like business partners.”
 A laugh arose within him, interrupted his revel.
“If I could have a dog in my bar, I’d have a dog in my bar.
 You see any dogs in here when you came in? Go, buddy, and don’t come
back with no god-dam dogs.”



After he had finished his scotch, the Newcomer, serene and calm, leashed
the brazen and the charcoal-black who were both excited to return back
comfortable-with-him the joy, their jade collars beaming canine affection.



“Anyone who would like to come with us, me my tail-waggers and my
formerly obese friend, is welcome to a night out...on me.”



And with that he and his three companions waved and walked out of The
Everyday Tavern Entautha, attracting more than a few inebriates. The
departing crowd was large enough that more than a few moments passed
before they had all exited. Amity and Mallory found themselves alone with
their closest associates who regularly drank with them, and the noise and
commotion of the place appeared to have departed. Mallory had spent the
remainder of his evening drinking his sweetmints, and listening to the
aggrieved grunts of Amity when another customer arrived and asked why
the place seemed dead. He had been mildly satisfied with his night out, but
now he need awaken to being Mallory once more.




WINNOWING THE HUES
“What is this penchant you have for dive-bars?" Brazil asked.



"Drunken indolence is the Midwestern way, no?” the Newcomer asked his
formerly obese friend as they slid into his waiting sedan.



“No.”
 Brazil waited for affect.
 “And why have we picked up another group of tiresome drunks?”



The two headed to the Newcomer’s home with yet another group of
inebriates where, his formerly obese friend realized, they would feast and
entertain strangers until the last person fell drunk down there before and for
them on the plush-carpeted floor, was forcibly removed from there from
them because of aggravated inebriation, or until they simply departed in
order to return wherever home might come to be. The Newcomer and
Brazil had become sudden friends when she met him at one of her art
exhibits entitled “Hard Bronze Organics” and another entitled “The
Authentic Ideal of the Human Creature.” The exhibit had depicted bronze
statuary in caring, intimate, and sometimes joyous situations, but the hard
material and the coarse skin of the figures gave the impression of distorted
bestiality. The Newcomer had enjoyed the exhibit enormously, and Brazil
was the artist drunk with his interest in art that was she. At that time, she
had been a rotund woman who was able only to move about with a cane or
sometimes an electric chair, so massive was her frame. She had left her
home when she was young, ran away only to return a few months later. Her
family was large and able, the sort of upper-middle-class gathering of
homotheria that was entirely certain of their correctness in the scheme of
the emerging universe.
They attended church regularly and lived in an area of Illinois that was
known for its evangelical bent. The strictures of their community were rigid
and exacting to the point of stifling whatever spontaneity or creativity might
have the misfortune of arising there. Brazil had been a willful kind, one
whose free spirit was unable to conform to the guidelines of Wheaton. She
did attempt to act as her parents and siblings wished, but her especially
spirited nature and the particularly incapacitating role in the community
given to her provided a volatile mixture of social forces. She had
encountered the delightful escapism of alcohol as early as thirteen, then a
slender homotherion. As she progressed from one form of inebriant to
another, her form gathered more and more mass. Her particular delight was
liquor and sweet cornsyrup-juice cranberry and blackberry. Her upbringing
compelled her to passive acceptance of the dominion of an other over her,
but occasionally her temper burst out in white-hot conflagration, seemingly
ex nihilo. The source of her volatility was simply hidden, unrevealed by this
extraordinarily visual and sensual lady. While coming of age, she continued
to defy her parent. Her father had departed the responsibility of family life
during her tenth year of living, leaving an embittered mother to care for
Brazil and her four siblings. Her mother knew precisely how and why things
are as they are, one who strangely encountered difficulty taming her
troublesome daughter. The two argued often and because Brazil would not
conform completely to her mother’s wishes; she received ineffective
discipline. At first, there were admonitions gentle and seemingly loving. She
was not to consort with boys whose character was questionable, but Brazil
continued to chat with her friends who happened to be male. Most often,
her associations with them were innocent enough, but there were a few
who might have corrupted her with their bad habits; she had already taken
up drinking and it was impossible that such sin arise in her family. Later,
there were more stern admonitions of similar character. She was not to
consort with boys whose questionable character interfered with her
successful deliverance from all things risky and potent in the world. If she
should do so, her rights would be revoked.
Brazil was careful about this warning initially, since she wanted all her
privileges to remain, like Others do. Still, she was unable to keep herself
from the occasional drink, and her new friends offered her the drink of
comfort that did not arise in a family growing increasingly impatient with her
insolence. She provided a poor example to the other children; it was
imperative that she provide a good one, somehow or other. Brazil’s drinking
continued and escalated and continued to escalate and she found herself
“grounded.” She would be unable to leave her room and she was limited to
the reading of her bible only. Her art




supplies unavailable, Brazil languished there incarcerated until she decided
upon an escape plan. Her mother checked on her regularly and so only an
hour had passed when her adolescent escape became obvious.



“I knew she would cause more trouble,” commented her older sister.



Brazil was, being merely thirteen years old at the time, unable to remain
outside her family’s home for long, and she found herself returning to a
house filled with activity and words--none of which were directed at her.
Having enjoyed the respite from the love that entered her life in the form of
discipline, she ate leftovers and found her way back to her room. It was not
long before her mother arrived.
“You are a little demon, aren’t you?” her mother commented more than
asked.



Brazil intended a reply, but before she was able to say a word she had
found herself flat on the floor of her room. She did not, at first, recognize
what had happened, but as she came to sensibility, she felt a repeated
thumping atop her head and around her body. She recognized that Rage
had arrived, but she held firm to her decision and her dignity and all the
more did Rage visit her. She continued to do as she pleased and laughed
when able, yet more did Rage pummel and flail against her, beating blue
her white skin and tearing hair from her head. She continued her drinking
and fell mostly silent to her family, all of whom supported her mother while
suffering her loving hands. Further complicating matters, Brazil was
declared unteachable by more than one of her instructors in high school.
That she developed such a reputation only convinced her family all the
more that further love was in order. They were, they knew, saving her from
damnation and peccant living. She turned further to drink and once



when she was seventeen, she found all of her belongings placed outside
the family house with a note attached:



“You are welcome to stay elsewhere.”



Unable to conform to the rigid demands, Brazil continued her attempt to live
within the directives of the family, and she remained there as she had been.
Often she found herself, bound by necessity, living and spending holidays
at the home of a friend, one of those male friends whose influence had
been evil.
Birthdays were ignored by her mother and so her siblings as well, and she
many times celebrated her birth elsewhere. As she continued to imbibe,
she continued to gain weight, her habit making her more contemptible still.
Her mother continued the love until at last Brazil became an adult.



At times she lived in airports and youth hostels and at other times she slept
with men she met, let them put her up, volatile and angry homotheria.
When she reached the obese state, there were no longer any men
interested in sleeping with, or caring for, her. Scared and almost to the point
of breaking, she met a community of artists who took her in and helped her
find her way in the labyrinthine city where her aesthetic flourished. Her fear
lasted a few years, she believing that her mother would find her. Brazil lived
in many different places; refused to make her life conventional. The artist
companions who had been her support slowly became tired of her
continuing indulgence and she gradually wore out the good will that had
kept her safe and sheltered, well-fed. She had become too large to move
herself about easily, and her physical state burdened her associations
further. She had ninety days to vacate her apartment because the landlord
had sold the building to a developer. She thought “What is the worst that
can happen?”



And, of course, perhaps the worst that might have happened was that she
would be driven onto the street and her art and life would be endangered or
deleted from the earth. It was at that time that the Newcomer met a Brazil
who meandered about in her chair, absurdly inebriated. He seemed
poisonous to her in the beginning, but some element of his personality kept
her there with him, she for him. Seemingly, he needed her as much as she
might need him. So she thought. Now, safe and sheltered as well as
intermittently inebriated, she and he continued their search for someone,
Brazil did not understand who, whom her dominant friend appeared to
need--someone the Newcomer had met years ago.



The two stopped their driver at a tawny building in the middle of downtown
Chicago. Two taxi-buses halted behind them, and animated and spry by
wine their passengers emerged. Brazil had a vision of a large and pleasant,
wine- blushed and androgynous, man leading them into the penthouse of
her friend. She thought that she might enbrazen her vision in a few days;
she stopped in order to sketch her idea and jot down a few explanatory
notes in case the image ran away from her. Such lingering over a garbage
can, near a lavatory, or perhaps in mid stride crossing the street were
regular occurrences for her, she being alongside her as art. Her dear
companion had managed to gather a host of




varied inebriates into his home on this occasion. As usual, many were
crashers or veteran
 drunkards who were unable to let pass an opportunity to consume large
amounts of alcohol gratis, and her friend did not disappoint them. If they
had a delicate palette, able to choose for themselves any desired kind of
grape, they would have enjoyed the supply of wines that were part of the
Newcomer’s life. Most imbibers situated themselves in his comfortable
abode with graceless crudeness, signifying their rabidity. Some lay down on
the delicate white carpet, and others placed their feet on tables, or draped
their legs over arms of chairs as they popped open the best wine Chicago
offered. Others were curious about the intentions and habits of a man such
as him who had brought outsiders into his home. They were the few with
whom the Newcomer chatted. He talked with a graduate student from the
University of Chicago and an undergraduate philosophy major. He met a
quite drunken accountant who was part of a network of employees of a real
estate project that the Newcomer himself owned.



“I have oversight for an entire division of the Parkwood Project. I can tell
you their expenditures, assets and the amount of money they take
in...everything.”



“Are you able to manipulate any of it?” the Newcomer inquired.



“You mean can I hide it? Or can I skim some of it?” “I do.”



The accountant hesitated.
“There are ways,” the man made clever.



The Newcomer picked up a slip of note-paper and quickly marked down the
man’s name, thanked him for coming, and suggested that they might meet
another time. He chatted with the graduate student, a quick-witted law
student, and he briefly held conversation with the undergraduate
philosophy student who seemed to believe that everyone and everything
thought by everyone in the room was influenced by the German Idealist
Immanuel Kant.



The night’s harvest had not been as fruitful as the Newcomer had hoped.
Besides those with whom he had already engaged, the other inebriates in
his home were
either too intoxicated to talk intelligently, or they possessed only the ability
to complain about their own inner circle of friends and associates. One
woman became engaged in a heated argument with an intimate about how
he had behaved at Paul and Amity’s barbecue a month prior. Apparently,
he had brought wine to the gathering, but his hosts had never opened the
bottle. He first asked for, then demanded, the return of the wine. It was his
after all.



“He does that all the time," the woman said to no-one. "He hosts a party,
asks you to bring alcohol, doesn’t open it, and then keeps it for himself. I
hate that cheap bastard.”



“Don’t swear. You know I don’t it when you swear,” said her cheap friend.



Her associate continued to insist he had not brought the alcohol to the
gathering in order to drink it, but to be sociable and to contribute to the
merriment. She insisted that he was selfish, and the heated conversation
rapidly escalated into a wildly gesticulated debate about the man’s
character. Once or twice the woman fell over, and recovered herself only
with difficulty, slowly, from the floor of the Newcomer’s penthouse. The two
at last decided to cease talking with one another, at least for the night, and
the man skulked silently in the front room with the mutual bottle of wine that
he now refused to share, while the woman meandered about searching for
more revelry. Uninterested in chatting with these inebriates, the Newcomer
watched their irritated interaction with amused detachment. When the two
ceased talking with, and so berating, one another, he in turn lost interest in
them altogether. Most of the other revelers interacted in similar ways,
brandishing insignificant and petty chat, seeming to the Newcomer to be
teary-eyed children. The evening wore on slowly for the Newcomer and
Brazil. The two retiring to one of the master rooms, he sat on a reclining
chair and she lay her form atop the satinsweet sofa.



“What are we doing with these people?” asked Brazil defiantly. “Why do you
insist on bringing strangers into your home?”



“...,” he began to reply



“You know, one day one of them will steal something, or hurt themselves,
and you will be stuck with a lawsuit or worse, and they hardly ever give you
anything in return for your hospitality. You gather together a host of bums
and




oddities when you have connections to far better social circles,” she
interrupted. “Do you believe that I am stupid?”



“I think this is stupid.” She pointed towards the closed door.



“I bring them here, and I chat with the ones that appear interesting or in
some way compatible with one of my interests. When I see that they have
little or nothing to add, they go. When they show that they have some
value, I find ways to contact them again.”



Brazil tossed her head back slightly in semi-objection, then she arose and
walked toward the wall, which was constructed of windows such that one
was able to watch practically the entire city alight and stirring. She brushed
off her dress, and straightened her hair in the window-mirror.



“You’re weeding out the masses for potential friends.” “Tonight’s crop is
admittedly meager.”



“Fraternizing randomly with degenerates is asinine.” Thus their bond.




YELLOW OCHRE

Leon Ochrowskovich was unable to find a proper tailor. His shirts were
untidy, since he had dismissed his personal servant, and now he was
wearing the last of his proper-white, crisp formal shirts; he did not know
what to do. He regularly smiled at each passing pedestrian, and there were
times when the smile returned to him in kind and others when a grin
beamed deep return, but more often he received no reaction at all. He had
rented a comfortable and respectable apartment near Water Tower, and he
often strolled along Michigan avenue when he was not working in order to
absorb all of the well-dressed homotheria who in turn possessed clean and
sociable smiles, at least as far as he understood their reactions. Leon was
not overly concerned about his appearance, though he was unable to
emerge from his apartment until he achieved the proper configuration. He
had a reputation to maintain. As he strolled along Michigan during his
lunch- time recess, he fussed with his cuff-links and he made certain his tie
was wedged close to his neck.



“There mustn’t be a gap between tie and neck,” he more felt to himself than
thought.



Leon had shaved three times each morning in order to achieve the correct
smoothness of chin, one that demonstrated he was a citizen in excellent
health, possessed of status and a man of responsibility. Leon was simply
careful and friendly, unconcerned with appearances.



“It certainly is a joy to see you.”
 He heard himself say it.
 “That’s what he will say to me.”
 Leon felt an authentic connection between himself and his coworkers. He




wanted very much to please his superior, and to delight all of those around
him in the office. In fact, if Leon were able, he would embrace the whole
peoples of the earth.
“I’d tell them that everything will be fine, just fine. And I’d reassure them
that all of their disagreements are mere wind and smoke. Yes, wind and
smoke, that’s all they are.”



He pulled the ends of his crisp-white shirt out from within his coat. Leon
became a delighted man when the tips of his shirts extended outside of his
coat, providing an aesthetic contrast that demonstrated his tact and suavity,
but these minutiae were no concern to him really. Not really. When he
stopped at a traffic light in order to wait for the green man to permit his
crossing, he instinctively removed a comb from his coat pocket, upper
left-hand corner, and ensured that his thick, tawny hair behaved as it ought,
even in rough and ungainly wind. He knew what motion to make of his
hand, and he knew just how to sculpt his hair with his palms in order to
achieve the perfect aesthetic, even lacking a looking- glass. He had
practiced such a maneuver many times before the mirror in order to make
this, his second primary aesthetic gesture, instinctual. Heavyset and robust,
Leon the gregarious body was well-distributed so that he seemed to be
more a large man than an obese one. He was blond to an extreme, his hair
a deep, dark bronze. Not the kind that turns platinum on the tips, but a
brazen blond that even shone when he mixed gel into it in order to obtain a
perfect extended twist. His hair was naturally wavy, but Leon liked to
straighten the natural curl, just enough. Still, his hair wave was little
concern to him, mere facade. His skin was pale and he regularly wore dark
yellow colors, oxides and tawny browns. His overcoat was rust colored with
black lapels. He combined his crispwhite shirts with corduroy-yellow pants
and golden sports jackets so that if one should see him contentedly
meandering about the city, one would perceive the gilded approach of a
great mass of fulvous gregariousness.



“How are you today?” “Let me get that for you.”
And even his nod beseemed buttered xanthus. Leon was tall, which was
fortunate since his burden of flesh accompanied him wherever he went. He
cut not an arrogant, nor an imposing, figure. He entered, as always, his
office with a smile and an inside joke for every person in the office.




“Don’t say anything, but...,” he would say to practically everyone such that if
only every person in the office should compare notes, they would find a
secret meeting in every encounter with everyone. Thus-like did Leon
produce inside jokes with all members of the staff, and accordingly did he
win the trust of all around him. And, in general, everyone with whom he
worked liked him, enjoyed his jocularity and his intimacy. He was to them
almost comical in demeanor, but it was as if all of the staff might say “Yes,
he’s silly, but that’s Leon.” And then they would smile.



“Felina the Great.”
 “Hi Leon,” Felina returned, lengthening both words.



Glad to see him, she was unable to hold back a grin, though she had seen
him just thirteen hours earlier. Felina and Leon had been together at the
same company almost a decade. They were practically the only two
remaining employees from the early days. Initially, they were part of a
software company that developed virus protection programs only, which
was Leon’s specialty. Now, the company had been appropriated by a
multi-national conglomerate that imposed its will upon everyone and
everything. The merger was quick, and forceful. The owners had been
given the least time possible to decide, while a veiled threat dangled over
them. In the end, though they had promised that they would continue to
own and run the company, they chose to sell. No dry eyes were present
during the company “farewell” gathering. Leon had been especially obliging
that night, toasting his superiors and reminiscing with entertaining
anecdotes. Leon was, in fact, better at charming others than he was at
writing cutting edge viral software, though his prowess at writing software
was no paltry ability. He was a natural, sunny disposition that hardly anyone
was able to resist, and Leon possessed a unique, unusual even for Leon,
relationship with Felina. He had saved her job once when someone in the
office had been charging online purchases to a company account. Since
the company was a software company, almost anyone was able to trace
from what computer station the purchases were made, perhaps a
not-so-intelligent mistake. The trail led quickly, and without doubt, to
Felina’s station, but Leon intervened. He claimed that he had made the
purchases, foolishly thinking that he would simply replace the funds that
had been depleted. His excuse was that he had financial difficulties, but
that he wanted to purchase some pleasant baubles for his fiancé: the items
were obviously feminine accoutrements that amuse felines. Unbelievably,
Leon was




able to talk his then supervisor into not merely retaining Felina, but even
retaining Leon himself. He replaced the pilfered funds with money that
Felina gave him, and the furor of the “internet thief” dissipated, was
replaced later by the larger threat of layoffs and pay cuts. Not convinced
that he was the culprit, some disliked, or distrusted, Felina from that point
onward, since they liked Leon so much, but those employees drifted
away--finding new employment, moving to another state or going back to
school. Now the only two employees from that period were Felina and
Leon, and the incident was barely recalled by both. Why Leon had acted in
such a manner baffled Felina for some time. She suspected that he had an
ulterior motive for assisting her, perhaps he wanted a more personal
relationship, but Leon was simply the Leon that everyone knew and
enjoyed. He wanted no conflict, and he was willing to make personal
sacrifices in order to maintain peace. He genuinely made joy and harmony
present to those who were around and for him. In fact, that he had saved
someone who would not have saved him, that he had successfully
preserved the dignity of all, with the possible exception of himself, only
endeared him the more to Felina and to others, a present-permanent joy.
When a new employee laughed at Leon’s manner



“You had better watch what you say,” Felina declared.



And as the office attrition turned the two of them further toward one another
in camaraderie, the more unified they became, the more loved became the
tawny lion of a man.



“Hey, Cassius.” “Leon.”



“Good morning, Chara.”



Leon continued his greetings, always, as he sauntered into the large, open
and common office area. His cubicle was three rows down along the metal
dividers that separated each employee, just barely, from one another. He
was discontented at first, since his area was located far and away from the
others. He lacked communication and connection, which he so desperately
craved, but he soon used the disadvantage toward his general purpose. He
would greet everyone in the office as he walked toward his distant cubicle,
and he might spend three or four minutes--sometimes more--with each
one, chatting up or
discussing anything that might interest the present person. During the first
few and the last two hours of the day, he always found an excuse to
meander back and forth, obtaining the drinking water that he had
suggested be placed at the front of the office, finding a pencil, making
photo-copies. Leon had made the suggestion to place the water cooler at
the front of the office-area ostensibly in order to give access to all
employees at the beginning of the day. If someone wanted water, they were
able to obtain it when they first arrived. Leon claimed less time would be
wasted. A non-sequitur, he knew. Leon found himself near the cooler
regularly, and when the water needed changing, he always assisted Felina
by changing the container himself. He regularly volunteered to perform
menial tasks, like computer maintenance at each station. He was assigned
the task of remotely disposing deleted items and defragmentation and the
like, but for some reason Leon was unable to use remote access when he
needed to defragment someone’s computer. He deemed it necessary to go
to each employee’s cubicle personally in order to tend to their computer
needs. Everyone in the office knew how to perform the maintenance, but
Leon insisted that they needed to keep a clear mind in order to perform
their appointed task.



“Efficiency takes priority.”



He repeated this statement to Charles Brigade who kept his men in the
most sufficient shape.
“How many points are the Giants favored?” he chatted up the Brigade, the
name everyone called Charles.



“Don’t know, Leon.”



Perceiving that he ought not waste the Brigade’s time today, Leon scurried
away toward another, currently more amicable, part of the office-common.
He was also fond of Hal Joysticker who wanted to create a video-game
division of the company. Upper management frowned upon the idea.



“I hate to remind you that there’s no guaranteed market for that stuff now,”
Leon had explained to Joysticker more than once. “Still, keep trying. We’ll
pry some funds from the upper-ups soon enough.”



Joysticker said little to Leon, but his silence was not out of the ordinary, nor
was it a sign of disdain. Hal was not a very demonstrative person who had
been




known to defend Leon in his absence, but then almost everyone defended
Leon. Strange that.



“I hear there’s been an influx of green from outside,” Hal commented to
Leon.
“What do you mean?”



“I mean someone, or some corporation, has bought Corpu-tech.”



“Again?”



Joysticker nodded. Leon scratched his head and adjusted his crisp-white
shirt around his neck. He had not heard such a thing, and his sudden
ignorance was a dilemma, since well-chatted office-persons were the most
knowledgeable. Most informed. Everyone knows that. He frowned a
moment, then he leaned closer to Hal who smiled at Leon’s surprise and
consternation.



“When did this happen?” he whispered.



“I have no idea, but the Brigade is looking into it now,” Hal whispered
sarcastically.



Hal noted Leon’s ignorance and shrugged his shoulders. The situation was
intolerable. Leon would not be left out of the loop on anything transpiring in
Corpu-tech. He was, after all, in every loop in the office. That he should be
left out was unpardonable, simply not tolerable. Leon arrived at work in
perfect form every day. Nails trimmed and hair perfect, he performed his
assigned tasks not merely well--no sir--but rather excellently.
“Yes, I set a new, high standard for this company. I do, and the others are
good, indeed fine and good at what they do, but Corpu-tech relies on more
than mere technical skill,” Leon thought.



Leon had created what loops existed at Corpu-tech. He was the loop, and
his left-outed-ness must be remedied at once. Otherwise, all would
crumble. Perhaps Leon might stay away while the present crisis unfolded.
They will then see just how valuable he is. No, no. Leon believed that such
thoughts were unworthy of




him. He would do what he could and assist where he was able.



“Well, perhaps we might get our little project started,” Leon commented to
Hal in his confidential tone.



He lifted himself up from his “classified” stance. He brought about a broad
smile, and then he grasped Joysticker by the tops of his shoulders and
shook him as if he were toying with a cat or a small dog. Had he been in
another time and place, he might have given his dear comrade a kiss on
both cheeks--held him tight to his chest--but the grin and shake were
sufficient, and Joysticker seemed to have had enough affection for the time
being.



“Soon enough!” Leon claimed loudly as Hal who loved the game shook his
head.
Leon finally released Joysticker, and Hal threw his open palm at him and
threw it again, as if warding off an affable lion. Leon laughed quietly as he
departed, but a grim countenance soon became him as he moved quickly
toward the Brigade. Charles remained fixated upon his computer. Knowing
that look, Leon determined that the precise time to chat with the Brigade
had not yet arrived. Instead, Leon sat back in his own chair, and he
hurriedly put together a presentation for the software he was supposed to
have been crafting. Leon was fortunate that he was talented enough in his
field to finish an assignment quickly, and he was shrewd enough to refrain
from giving away the quickness with which he finished projects. Perhaps he
would be deemed a bit too efficient. Regardless, he had his current
presentation completed in a few hours, and Leon had the good fortune
enough that, as usual, the Brigade had calmed down a bit. No longer was
he fixed upon his computer screen, and Charles seemed his usual,
approachable self. Leon saw him laughing at something Felina was telling
him.



“Good, good. I need a warm Brigade.”



Leon entered the Brigade’s office with a quiet knock and an ostensible
need to discuss serious matters. He dawdled about the entrance to the
main office, visibly nervous. The Brigade recognized when Leon was about
to deliver some finished project, or give him some serious information,
because Leon always beamed yellow joy, except at these times. Leon was
easy to read.



“I have the presentation for the 6.7 series.”
“Fine, fine. Leave it.”



The Brigade nodded towards the “in” plastic tray on his desk. Leon
complied while the Brigade concentrated on a file the heading of which was
hidden to Leon. He attempted to read the cover, but was unable to do so.
Almost at the door of the Brigade’s office, Leon became annoyed.



“I’d like to chat with you about it before you read it.” The Brigade looked up
from his paper.



“I really have no time right now, Leon, not even for you.”



“What’s wrong?”



The Brigade recognized that he was able to trust Leon. Besieged by fears
and concerned over providing for his family and caring for his “people” at
work, he had not been able to talk with anyone else as yet. The Brigade
was reluctant to discuss anything with anyone until he knew certainly what
he was talking about, but he knew that he was able to trust Leon. He and
Leon had a unique bond that no other two employees at Corpu-tech
possessed.



“Close the door.”
Leon carefully, inaudibly, closed the door of the Brigade’s office. He had
been curious until now, but he was as intimate with the Brigade as he was
with everyone in the office. Charles’ discretion concerned him.



“You remember that this company exchanged hands some time ago?”



“Yes.”
 “Well, we haven’t heard from any new master.”



“You mean we’ve been sold again?” Leon wondered aloud.




“No, no. Corpu-tech is in the same hands that it has been for the last few
years. I just can’t figure out whose. I’ve done inquiries on different
companies, corpor ations and I can only find that I can find out nothing
about who really makes decisions for us.”



“But nothing has changed significantly, right?”



“That’s the thing. We’re not exactly pulling an enor mous profit. Every new
project that might bring us new revenue seems to be canceled...or
postponed. Money given to undertake these projects seems to disappear.
The last time this kind of thing happened there was serious downsizing.”
“Oh, but you don’t know that.”



“I know this business, and I know the kind of person who runs it.”



Leon was about to interject.



“...and I know when something is about to happen,” the Brigade finished.



“Charles, Charles. Everything will be fine, just fine. You exaggerate the
consequences. We’ve been through tough times before, yes?”



Before the Brigade was able to answer...



“...of course we have. And you and I have done well, and survived well
together. What with the two of us here, assisting one another, nothing bad
can happen. Besides, if you look at what you’re saying logically, you have
no justifiable reason to be concerned.”



“Leon, I don’t jump to conclusions.”



“No, of course you don’t. I’m just saying that there may be less reason to
be concerned than you think. You work too hard.”
The Brigade paused, absorbing the information given to him. He was in a
bad mood, and someone else he might tell off, but



“You might be right, but it seems as though no-one owns this company
anymore,” he said reluctantly.



“Of course I’m right. All of this concern is just wind and smoke.”



Thus their bond.



Felina was startled at the sight. Never before had anyone the nerve to bring
an animal into Corpu-tech, not even Leon. Yet, while she was sitting at her
desk, typing the multi-various replies to the many inquiries she received
every day, a brazen dog trotted up to her. He seemed excited about
something or another, and he performed a frantic tap dance for her on the
tile floor as if auditioning for an absurd vaudeville act. Tick-tak, click-clack
went nails on hard-floored linoleum. He was hairless, excepting a rough but
comely layer of fur on his head and odd in appearance, but a later glance
demonstrated that he had a delightful kind of feral beauty. He appeared to
be an eager, sociable animal. Still, what startled Felina the more was the
manner of his greeting. He first approached her with wagged tale and
thorough dogsmile, and she knew the rules. Felina held out her hand in
order to permit the animal to sniff, and he did so. He approached
cautiously, but then performed a thorough inspection of the scent on her
hand. He licked her fingers once, then twice, and Felina smiled. Suddenly,
the animal backed away from her, as if she had made an aggressive
gesture. He growled kindly and then
“AAAaaaaaaahhhhhhhhoooowwooowooowoowowowwoooooo.”



Felina did not know what to do. She shrank back a bit and carefully lifted
the phone from its cradle.



“It’s alright. It’s alright. He will not harm you,” came a reassuring voice from
a man whose long black mane was caught in a net in the rear, the sides of
his head clipped close near the ears. He had an olivegray complexion, and
Felina was unable to determine his ethnicity.



“I think he is put off by certain perfumes, and his reactions are usually
delayed.”




She was silent.
“You are wearing perfume, aren’t you?”



Felina nodded to the Newcomer as she noticed another, similar, dog
approach. She thought it quaint that they had matching jade collars.
VIVID CARMINE ICHOR

Brazil’s inspiration for the Dionysian flautist leading his band of rapture-
smiths along a rural path would not become a reality any time soon; she
needed to begin a project as soon as it occurred to her or the concept
would burst, the image dissipate in her mind until the motivation departed
and the muse refused to return--perhaps for several months. She had a
vision in her head of an inebriated, longhaired leader who guided a group
of malcontents, professionals, narcissists, pretenders and political
aristocrats along a slender strip of forest, urban expansion and industry
surrounding them on all sides. She knew a Dionysian troupe was not the
most novel of themes, but its traditional nature pleased her. She envisioned
modern dress for the characters and rustic, but dilapidated, accoutrements
for the slender strip of forest. Brazil imagined the urban backdrop would
consist of lanky, enormous buildings--edifices exuding terrible
power--distorted by their own dynamism. The tops of the buildings would
be larger than the bottoms, the peak of each flaring out in a shout at the
blue expanse covering deep space.



“I am homotheria!”



Perhaps she would draw a backdrop, making it somewhat comic. Maybe
she would use photography of some section of Chicago, rampant
consumption. She was uncertain how she would complete the project, but
she had ideas. Her friend, the Newcomer, had been especially fond of the
aesthetic given it was done in the right way, whatever that meant.



“Strike while the iron is hot.”
She, like him, hated that imperative but it was appropriate, especially for
her who writes in bronze. Brazil liked to think that her sculptures were
kinetic. She would explain that most, or all, of her subjects were in action,
and yet they were rigid with universal value. The particulars of each brazen
avatar were absolutely




unique, presenting a universal character. It was as if her art revealed the
transitory in its universality. The Newcomer delighted in that idea as well,
and his gladness at her expression made her grin. While she sketched the
scene, beginning with the leader of the troupe, she continued to refine the
concept in her head. She had not cleaned up this morning, simply thrown
her overalls overtop of her long, white night-shirt, which lay atop her new
body. Brazil possessed attractive features, yet her frame remained
obstinately full-figured. She thus had few, if she admitted it no, romantic
prospects. She had no need to appear comely, but she might enjoy the
attention of a man every so often, so Brazil was pleased with her new body,
kept it in reserve. She sat in her workshop, which was situated across the
hall from her bedroom, doubled as a kitchen. Her’s was a moderate-sized
apartment for which she paid nothing. Brazil concentrated on her art while
she kept the Newcomer distracted, which consumed more energy than she
at first expected. She held her caffeinated, super-cornsyruped global coffee
beverage in her hand as she sketched the figures who followed the
Dionysian leader. She was unable to configure the body of one of the
political nobles to her satisfaction because she demanded of herself the
ideal posturing--one that, while immobile, represented vibrant and radically
particular, living movement. The final result of her efforts was usually
remarkable, but her ideal art consumed much time and considerable
revision. The Dionysian figure was easy; she had his image in her mind
from the beginning, but how to represent a political figure in an intoxicated,
dynamic, yet novel, manner escaped her. Merely dressing them in a flag or
a non-descript outfit, even a tattered suit, would not suffice. Brazil arose
and found some of the gourmet flatbread she enjoyed so much, walked
around a bit in order to summon this particular muse. Her cell-phone
bleeped, and she picked it up, observed its cover observing the caller. She
read the screen and a frown blighted her presently glad face. She waited
and chose to ignore the call, but Brazil realized she was unable to
postpone the conversation long. She went to the refrigerator and removed
two slices of pumpernickel bread and some cheese, making a dry
sandwich. Ordinarily, she would simply turn on her torch and work with the
metal itself, and such an effort would bring about an inspiration somehow,
but now, though she was surrounded by scraps of bronze, she was unable
to gather them up. Brazil grew angry at the figure on her sheet of paper.
Sandwich in hand, she erased the torso of the politician, tried again to
produce the ideal posture, but dissatisfaction abided. Should she be able to
mould the figure in metal, she would possibly form the politician to her
pleasure, but instead she continued with her drawing until a snarl twisted
her features once again.




“Piece of shit!”



Brazil wrinkled the drawing that had the perfect posture of the Dionysian
figure up into a ball and threw it onto the floor. Her head hurt, and she
wanted to lie down for a moment or two, to finish her sandwich, and so she
dozed off for a moment on her couch in the front room. Awakened by her
cat, Bluebeard Jack, who stood on her chest, she arose and held her head
in her hands one moment. Her thoughts were still hazy from the night prior.
She walked steadily towards the crumpled ball of paper on the floor. Brazil
reluctantly unrolled it, and she flattened the edges out as much as possible.
She then placed it atop a light-box, and she sketched the Dionysian figure
onto fresh paper that lay on top of the old, which took some time because
of the wrinkles beneath. She wove her fingers together a moment and drew
fresh her breath. She centered herself, attempted to will a calm into her,
and after an interval she was successful; she had learned the art of
relaxation after aggravation from her time with her family. Her face having
carved a smile-charm, she began again to sketch the figure of the
politician. She bent back his head and sketched the body of the figure as
straight as she was able without it seeming rigid, or lifeless. His posture
was coming to her satisfaction as her cell-phone bleeped once more. Brazil
glanced at the screen on the back of the phone, read the number. She
sighed, and then answered.



“Yes, mother.”
 Brazil heard the words, but they didn’t register.
 “I did, mother.”
 She rolled her eyes while the drawing came to life, satisfied. “Mother, I
have to go. I need to see a friend...”
 Brazil paused in mid-expression.
 “No, not that kind, mother.”
 She paused again, listened inattentively.
 “Mother...”




Another break.
“No mother, he doesn’t...”
Brazil placed the phone on her draw-board without turning on the speaker,
as she continued to sketch her ideal character. Her political male was
coming to life nicely, she thought. She could hear her mother
indecipherably chatting with the aether. She picked up the phone once
more, as if she had never put it aside.



“...won’t be able to find...” she heard.



Brazil then tapped the phone, call ended. She smiled to herself while she
continued to sketch the political male, which was fast becoming what
pleased her most about her new project. The phone bleeped once more
and she glanced at the identification screen.



“Mother of god” it read.
 She beamed while she silenced it. “That’s quite nice,” she mused.



Brazil was restless when she created, so she arose from the near perfect,
incomplete figure of the politician. She looked about, fidgeted with some
magazines that lay around her kitchen. She slid downstairs to her mailbox,
nothing. She paused momentarily to look outside of her apartment: a
soggy, but otherwise comfortable breath of earth she drew in, smiled
inward. In the vestibule, she heard her phone inside her apartment and
again she grinned, mostly to herself. Brazil knew that “Mother of god” would
not let it ring for very long, two bleeps at most.



“Bleep”
 “Bleep”
 Brazil enjoyed maternal torment these days, a fitting circumstance. She
casually began to scale the stairs as she thought again about her politician.
 “Bleep”
 Brazil stopped where she was, and a mad dread distorted her comely face.
She listened again, mostly in order to reassure herself.
 “Bleep”
 The tone seemed insistent, not what had become of her mother’s pleading.




Suddenly, she burst into a fast-pace, a mad visage upon her, her features
contorting into deep concern. She was unable to move quickly in
comparison to more able bodies, and so her flight upwards lasted much
longer than she wished. She attempted even to scale two stairs at once,
while she moved as quickly as possible, and accordingly she slipped
mid-stair and fell on her newly-shaped frame, her surgical wound aching.



“Bleep,” once again.



Brazil lifted her head after she heard the final tone. She knitted her brow,
and was determined to arrive upstairs quickly. She arose with rapid dignity,
and she continued her frenzied gait-visage fearful until she reached her
door, which she shoved open forcibly, the phone on the counter in her
kitchen-studio. She dashed, or what passed for Brazil’s dash, from her front
door to the kitchen. The phone screen, on which the identity of her caller
was displayed, read “X.”



“Shit!”
Hastily, Brazil tapped the call sector. What seemed like an eternity arose
between the pressing of the key on her cell-pad and the recognition of a
ringtone. Four, five and six times the phone alerted its owner to her plea for
entry to his oikos. She paced back and forth down her front hall. When
finally the phone ceased ringing, there was a brief silence at the other end
of the line.



“Is the morning whine completed yet?” “Fuck you.”



“I love you too. Is the morning whining a thing of the past?”



“I don’t need this shit.” Brazil was relieved and annoyed.



“I don’t need it myself.” “What do you want?”



“Come downtown. I want you to see my latest acquisition. I purchased a
grab- bag of naughts. Simply amazing specimens.”




Brazil knew what he meant.



“What is he doing calling anyone a ‘naught,’” she thought.
She was not certain why she believed that this cohort was worth the time
and effort required, but something about him retained her interest and
intimacy. He had, yes it was true, supported her now for a few years, and
her art would, conceivably, have suffered without his assistance. She had
nowhere to turn when he paid for her survival; she had driven even her
intimates from Chicago away.



Still, another intangible quality engrossed and repulsed her. Well-versed in
art, architecture and culture in general, conversations with him were
stimulating, even inspiring at times, and at the same time he retained a
feral spirit. Himself the solipsist, he believed everyone suffered such
isolation. While behaving badly in a charming manner, he gave freely of his
own, an essence that drained others. His was a physically fine, beautiful
presence curiously pointed. A platinum vest made of barbs. Brazil never
knew what would transpire next, nor did she have any reason to believe
that his support would continue indefinitely. He was as though he might
vanish from existence altogether one day without leaving the slightest
trace--besides the carnage--that he had ever breathed. Brazil thought the
vitality and unpredictability drew her to him, but she remained uncertain, as
he was. Then again, she thought perhaps she was wrong. Any attempt,
however long, to determine precisely why she remained at his side ended
in more confusion, yet she better recognized the dim outlines of the man.
Ordinarily, she was able to keep up with the best of the inebriates and the
squanderers, but her friend was in a different category altogether. He drank
scotch regularly, unless he was “winnowing the naughts” as he called it.
And though one might develop a tolerance, his ability to process alcohol
continued to astound her, since he was able to imbibe until early morning
and then arise fresh at whatever time was required.



“I’m working on a new project right now.” “Dionysus in urbana?”
“Yeah.”




“Your work can wait. I need company for an errand.”



“I thought you said you wanted me to see your ‘grab- bag.’”



“Well, of course I want you to see them; they are a pure treat, but I need to
fly out to Orlando in order to pick up a part for the Talbot-Lago. There is
someone who has an engine part or two that I need.”



“I’m staying here,” Brazil made this statement firmly.



“Be here in twenty minutes. I’ll text you directions.”



At that point, Brazil’s phone went silent. She observed that the call had
ended. There was no contract that the two of them had signed, each party
free to do as they pleased. In fact, each attended gatherings alone, or
enjoyed the company of others, but mostly they were a unit, sort of
combined social entity togetherpresent with each other as one. Brazil had,
at first, believed in a more serious, lasting and romantic relationship, but
her expectations were quickly dowsed by the cold, wet realization that her
friend was able to pluck fresh nubile fruits from the urban tree almost at will.
He was well-off, and that alone presented him with many opportunities, but
he was attractive as well, though in a peculiar way. Brazil noticed that the
Newcomer was seeking something else and, obviously, mercenary women
were no replacement for genuine affection, but there existed another
longing within him. He had explained to her that he continued to winnow
through heaps of others in order to unearth something, though he was
never clear about what it was. Brazil wasn’t certain what he sought, but he
seemed to spend a great amount of time and money actively pursuing
perhaps an illusion. He had taken her to New York many times and they
traveled to Greece, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands, and she discovered
that he was looking for something or someone. As long as she had known
him, he had not found it. He remained vibrant, his appearance quite
vigorous. He was in his mid-twenties, appeared younger, but anyone was
able to tell easily that he was experienced over and afar from his age.
Brazil sat once again at her work, and she continued to sketch the figure of
the politician, which had pleased her a moment ago. As she attempted to
draw, the figure would not emerge as it had prior. She remained pleased at
what she had already drawn, but every new attempt brought frustration, a
net at the back of her mind tangling her imagination. She pushed it away
with music and another sandwich, but it merely




entangled those distractions with its fine, soft ropes and with its refined
insistence. Brazil drew some details around the troupe of Dionysiacs in
order to stimulate her creativity, but again the net. She continued to glance
at her clock, which read that seven minutes had departed. She ceased her
drawing, and stared blankly at a corner of her studio.



“Shit.”
Brazil dressed herself in a quick, desultory fashion, and quick-walked out
her apartment entrance. A moment later, she returned and grabbed a
carry-on bag, filled it with clothes for a few days trip, then she ran out the
front door once more. She found a cab quickly, and she used the
credit-card he had supplied in order to compel the driver to speed to the
downtown area. She arrived at the Water-Tower area, and at first in her
nervousness Brazil was unable to find the correct building. This company
was a recent acquisition, about three years ago. Her friend hadn’t yet found
time to pay a visit. Brazil found her way to the eighth floor where he had
directed her to come. She entered the front area where no-one was about.
There appeared to be no-one at all in the office. Perhaps the employees
were at lunch, but that did not make sense because someone ought to be
present at all times.



“Isn’t that standard practice?”



Brazil didn’t know; gladly ignorant of its protocol, if one may call it that, she
had not been a part of business culture at any time in her life. She looked
over the front desk, and noticed no way to summon anyone. She called out,
but no answer returned. Brazil began to suspect that she was in the wrong
place; she was about to depart when a familiar face appeared. A black,
tap-dancing canine pranced around the corner, a broad dogsmile returned
her outstretched hand with a lick and “Strumph,” spake the dog. Clearly, he
was pleased to see her. Just then a door in the rear of the office-space
opened and Brazil heard muffled questions and comments mingled with
nervous laughs, puerile murmurs. She noted her friend with the long hair
and olive-grey skin. He wore a cotton black suit with soft, light white
pin-stripes down its length. He had placed his jacket on the back of a chair
and his long, slender musculature pressed the limits of his long-sleeved,
silken-white shirt. He wore an earring in one ear, and his shoes were a
light-brown tan with flat, snub-toes. He emerged from the meeting-room
where he had recently introduced himself. Still, he remained distant from
Brazil, though both acknowledged the other’s existence with a glance.




“Can I help you?” A woman stood behind Brazil. She was short, somewhat
chubby, dressed in polyester, which only made her colorless appearance
drabber.



“I’m waiting for someone.”



The Newcomer, motioned her to come towards him, and Brazil quickly
complied. He was still chatting with one of the employees of Corpu-tech.



“...no plans to downsize.”



He was talking with a stocky African-American man of about forty who was
ostensibly more comfortable in a Brigade than in a computer company. The
other fifty employees were eager to get away from their meeting, and they
hastily dispersed back into their cubicles. Somewhat irritated at the
persistence of the stout fellow, Brazil’s comrade, The Newcomer repeatedly
attempted to remove himself from the man’s presence, but was drawn back
by yet another concern gone unheeded.
“Charles, make a list of your concerns, and present them to me early next
week. Keep in mind that I will, in all probability, assign you the task of
tending to them.”



“You said that, but we need...”
 The Newcomer raised his hands in the air in an attempt to mute his
employee. “...and I said that I will determine what you will receive.”



He took Brazil by the shoulder, and the two made a rapid drawback toward
the largest office in the space, the only genuine office on the floor besides
the Brigade’s possessing a proper door and a fragment of privacy. The
Newcomer dropped his suit-jacket onto the floor, and then he reclined in a
chair behind a great marble desk. The office was equipped with a
large-screen monitor on the wall facing the guests, and there was a coffee
table with a computerized top. Brazil sat in one of the deep-oxide colored
chairs in the corner of the office. The Newcomer motioned to the two dogs
to sit near the corner of the room beside him, they quickly curled up beside
one another. He



patted both on the tops of their heads, sat again in his chair and




“That Brigade guy is almost out of a job,” he began.



“Give the man a break. How long has it been you’ve owned the company
without bothering with it?”
“Three years."
 Brazil raised her brows. “I’m a busy man.”



“No, you’re not.”



She turned her head toward the crass “painting” that soiled his wall, but
continued to talk as she scrutinized it.



"And you wonder why this guy grabs you the first chance he gets when you
introduce yourself? Come on.”



“First, that thing...”
 He motioned his hand toward the “painting.”



“...is not my doing. Second, I see the morning whine is not yet complete.
Would you enjoy an afternoon treat to settle your grumbling spirit?”



“Fuck you.”
 “Oh wait, I almost forgot. I have a treat for you before we’re off to Orlando.”



“This isn’t like the group of wretches you invited home the other night, is it?”



“That was a meager crop, admittedly.” “Fucking moronic.”
The Newcomer tapped his computer, and a video screen appeared on his
monitor. Felina sat at her desk as she turned toward him.



“Yes, sir.” “Felina is it?”



“Yes.”



“Felina, tell Leon to bring us some chocolate ice cream from the
refrigerator. I want to have a chat with him as well. Tell him I want to see
the plans for the Up series.”



“I don’t need anything to eat. You know I am not sup posed to go back to
that,” Brazil interjected.



“We will just have another body-job done, yes? You must witness this guy
in person.”



Brazil shook her head and sighed audibly. After about ten minutes, a large
figure with wavy blond hair knocked quietly on the office door. His head
bobbed back and forth from behind the hazy window on the door to the
equally hazy window on the wall of the office. One was able to see
immediately that he was anxious from the manner with which he fidgeted
with his tie, and how he placed and replaced the spoon in the big dish of
ice cream he held in his hand. Brazil and the Newcomer observed him
fiddling about -- he ran a comb through his hair in what seemed a regular
maneuver -- and they both glanced at each other, smiling.



“Come,” the Newcomer said amusedly.



When Leon entered, he presented the two of them with his broad smile. He
was dressed in yellow-brown corduroy and he sported a brown shirt with a
sand- colored tie. His appearance was dapper in a way, though the colors
he wore made him appear larger than he was. He fumbled with the door for
a moment, and then he placed the bowl of cream on the large black desk
as though offering a sacrifice to a god who might grant him some material
good in return. He laughed while he fidgeted, and the Newcomer permitted
his anxiety to grow for moments. Leon swayed his torso back and forth as
he turned his gaze from Brazil, then back to the Newcomer and again.




“This...”



The Newcomer pointed to Brazil.



“This is one of my pupae, Brazil.”
Brazil nodded eyelid-closing boredom toward Leon. She slipped the
Newcomer a death-glance; he smiled in response.



“Well, it certainly is a joy to greet you.” Leon said.



He stood before the chair directly in front of the Newcomer’s desk. The
Newcomer frowned, and Leon glanced back and forth again, a seeming
effort to determine whether his maneuver was acceptable or not. Leon
arose again and pulled the edges of his shirt tight up to his wrists. Again,
he glanced back at Brazil while the Newcomer attempted, unsuccessfully,
to make her laugh with a mischievous grin.



“We have been eager to meet our new leader, and any friend of his is
welcome, welcome indeed.”



Leon laughed good-nature. He walked over to Brazil, grasped her hand and
shook it while the ice cream melted on the edge of the desk. He turned
again, ignorant, towards the Newcomer, and he wiped the palms of his
hands along his thighs. The scoops that had been perfectly crafted, a
perfect chocolate pyramid, went unattended. Leon observed them for a
moment, wondering if his efforts at perfect balance and quantity would
remain unheeded.



“There were some who were nervous...”



Leon turned back and forth from Brazil to the Newcomer again, since given
the dimensions of the room, it was impossible to talk with both of them from
one comfortable position. Yet he moved, as always, with discerning poise.
“...yes Nervous about what might happen. Job security and good wages
and all that.”



Leon emphasized the beginning letter of each issue.




“But, I reassured them. I said to them that all they fear is mere wind and
smoke.”



As Leon spoke, he clapped his hands together as if washing them, and he
wrung them dry repetitively. Again, he beamed--now more at ease because
of the lack of reaction to his words. Having taken the silence as an opening,
he was pleased to be there with two new companions, and so he decided
that he might relax.



“May I?”
 He pointed to one of the chairs. “By all means sit, Leon.”



The Newcomer flashed a glance at Brazil who repressed her grin. She was
angry at his attempt to make her laugh. Leon then placed his massive form
in the chair, tawny gladness all the way. He pulled the retractable footstool
from under the chair, and then, deciding that he was not comfortable taking
ease in front of these two, he retracted it again, then leaned forward in the
chair.
“Leon, How long have you been with Corpu-tech?” Leon leaped upon the
question, as though upon prey.



“Oh, I believe I’ve been here around ten years or so. Practically since the
beginning.”



He wrung his hands, and at that time Leon decided to concentrate his
attention on the Newcomer. He wanted the good faith of Brazil, but the
Newcomer, he was the most important one. He would see, He would see.



“Isaac Faustus was the original owner, and then Hector Uranus, I believe. I
was assistant to them both, yes I was. Fine gentlemen they were...”



“Leon...”
 “... and a fine company you have here as well. I don’t




know of a bad apple in the cart, if you know what I mean. No sir, no dead
wood floating in this stream.



Good people. Good people.”
Leon’s tone became louder as he spoke, gradually, but perceptibly.



“Leon, if I were to tell you that I wanted to make some changes around
here, would you be able to keep it to yourself?”



Leon hesitated, but only a moment. His head shook, trembled a bit -- he
frowned -- and then he arose from his chair. He walked around the desk
where the Newcomer sat, placed his hand on the shoulder of the
Newcomer who initially shrunk from his touch.



“I am your servant.”



Leon said these words in an unusual manner. One wasn’t able to determine
whether he was being witty or wily. He appeared ridiculous, and one was
able to see clearly that his words were only partially true. Still, he
maintained the amusement of his hosts.



“You will find that I am the most trustworthy sort. I’m a part of this operation
in a big way, big way that is. I keep the wheels greased, and I hope to
continue what I believe, perceive in fact, is a tradition. I like to think of
myself as that tradition that is. What I mean to say...”



“That’s fine, Leon. Just fine,” the Newcomer hinted with his tone that the
interview was complete.
“Well, I do have work to do. I do intend to say, that is I’ll say it. No, I’ll not
hold it back. I’ll say that it certainly is a joy to meet you, at last. It has been
a fine meeting, a fine greeting, yes?”



The Newcomer nodded.
“Remember that all you need is everything I can do.




Any problems that we have here at Corpu-tech are mere wind and smoke,
yes, I’ll say it, mere wind and smoke, and I don’t hold anything back, no
nothing held back...”



Leon approached the door with each passing word while he noted, for
future reference, that neither party had touched or acknowledged the ice
cream that he brought with him. He clasped his hands together in a ball,
held them close to his breast. He even bowed a bit as he departed. He
opened the door without losing eye contact, back and forth, with both
parties. When the door was open wide he ceased his exit and directed his
massive, ochre frame behind the large desk next to the Newcomer who
moved slightly away from the impending, imposing gregariousness. He
grasped, more like seized, the hand of the Newcomer, while he grabbed his
shoulder.



“I know we will make a great team. I like you already. I feel a certain bond
with you. I know it seems trite and I know that it may appear disingenuous,
but I assure you that you will find the best friend, the truest compatriot, in
me.”
And then Leon performed a gilded departure of his great mass of fulvous
conviviality. There were a few moments of silence as Brazil took the ice
cream from the desk, ate a mouthful, and then she threw the remainder in
the trash can. The two sat exchanging knitted brows, and a smile emerged
between them.



“So,...ah...tell me...” Brazil began. “...what the fuck was that?”



Somewhere emerged giggles and laughter at the expense of the warmest
of men. The trip to Orlando went quickly for the Newcomer, but for Brazil it
seemed an eternity. At first, the two had reviewed the visit of the tawny man
moment by moment, as if they were wondering in incredulity at a film that
they had taken.



“And what is this ‘wind and smoke’ business?”



After they had shared a mutual disdain of Leon’s comity, the Newcomer
turned to his friend, Brazil. She knew that it was coming, didn’t know what
form precisely it would take today, but soon.... He grasped her hand as
Leon had done




to him, pulled on her shoulder, and he taunted her while he mocked Leon.
“You two might make a cute couple.”
“Fuck you.”



“No, seriously...”



He emphasized the “S” in seriously.



“...opposites attract. He is friendly and, while annoying, he’s also somehow
charismatic. And you...well...”



“Fuck you one more time.”
 “...you’re naturally pointed, and almost always irritable.”



“I wonder why.”



“And he might be able to improve your diction and vocabulary. You have
such a foul mouth.”



“One more time...”



Some silence intervened in their conversations while the Newcomer read
and Brazil sketched. He was perusing a parts-list for his Talbot-Lago, but
he became bored, so he asked the flight attendant what kind of alcohol was
available, all of it unsuitable. The two exchanged glances, Brazil attempted
to avert her eyes in time, but he noticed her notice him. The attendant
arrived with scotch. The Newcomer quickly downed the drink, winced,
asked for another. Brazil shook her head back and forth when he gazed her
way. He paused for a moment, and then he stared fixedly upon the floor. He
looked back at her again, then smiled. He turned his head toward hers,
staring at her eyes until hers stared back. He waited until her attention
returned to her work, and then he obtained her stare once more. Brazil was
again visibly annoyed enough to put down her sketch and observe him.
Having obtained this state of affairs, the Newcomer turned his head toward
Brazil, just enough that she realized he was still attending to her, but then
returned his gaze to the back of the seat in front of him. He placed his chin
in his hand and leaned his head forward a bit, as if he were in deep
concentration. He




creased his forehead and blackened eyebrows slightly, then moreso. He
then turned his head slightly towards Brazil once more, still concentrating
on the seat before him. She continued to watch him as he concentrated.



“What are you doing?”



The Newcomer placed his forefingers on his temples, concentrated again
more forcefully as if directing something.



“Did you get it?” he said.
 “What are you talking about?”
“Did you get the message?”
 Brazil merely looked at him placidly.



“I don’t know what you’re talking about, and I don’t care.” She returned to
her work.



He feigned incredulity while he leaned back, surprised and indignant. “You
mean you didn’t receive my thought?”
 Brazil sighed, and the Newcomer was unable to suppress a grin. “...but
isn’t that the way women communicate?”



Again she sighed.



“How much longer is this plane ride?” she asked no- one.



“You believe others are able to read your mind, so shouldn’t you be able to
read the minds of others?”



“Fuck you.”
 “If I read your mind correctly, I’m a hero.”
She waved him off, looking out the window.
“And, if I read your mind incorrectly, I’m a villain.”



Brazil was disgusted, and the Newcomer smiled, and then he laughed to
himself. Amused, he napped pleasant for the remainder of the flight. The
man who owned the part for the Newcomer’s Talbot-Lago lived in a
ranch-style house with a small “grandmother” positioned three hundred
yards behind it. The property was old and dilapidated, and when the
Newcomer questioned the small, scruffy, taciturn man about the engine
parts that he possessed, he received little by way of answer. The man did
indeed have a few rare parts from a 1938 automobile that were original.
They had been part of the hand-crafted machine that the Newcomer
owned. He recognized them immediately, but the Orlandan understood that
he was contending with a man of means, and he held out for more money
than the parts were worth. The two men haggled back and forth, irritating
Brazil, until at last the Newcomer decided to return home without them.
Brazil was especially annoyed that she had been taken away from her art
in order to witness in silence the absurd and time-consuming non-purchase
of car parts that her friend was able to afford easily. There was no principle
involved in denying the diminutive Floridian the measly sixty extra dollars
he desired. Brazil pointed out this absurdity to an unresponsive Newcomer
as they sat in their plane, returning home. She was even more annoyed
when, two days later, he contacted the “little thief” from Florida and paid for
the parts with a debit-card. The little man sent them to Chicago through the
mail. Her entire day, and inspiration, had been squandered.



“You are an inconsiderate jackass. I hate you.” Thus their bond.
CRIMSON MARS IN A YELLOW
ROBE

The property on which it stood was immense. A vast stretch of mown lawn
broadened and gave way to patches of sycamore trees and manicured
bushes. An elongated black strip of asphalt directed the chosen to their
destination. On their way to the weekly ritual, the flock might see one of the
two lakes complete with ducks and what few fish were able to survive a
highly monitored, regularly pecked, piece of earth. The view was soothing:
grassland and a few trees, a stray deer once in a while who promptly
vanished once the groundskeepers were alerted to its presence. Still, the
view was mostly mere grass and scattered trees with few small,
unpopulated, even sterile, ponds. There were no rustic creatures watching
from the distance the long serpentine pitch that guided the shiny vehicles to
an enormous lake of asphalt where they stopped and then the autos stood
in formation, waiting for the return of their owners when they would again
cross the pleasantly barren serpentine path. All habitation for the living
beings in the vicinity had been transformed to suit the vehicles that suited
their masters, homotheria. The reception area of the first building was able
to entertain six hundred attendees easily. It had sheltered more than that
number when it held fundraisers who gave for the spread of the word, good
news. Today, the first building is filled with the smell of pastries and coffee,
tea with milk and sugar, fat with chocolate and corn-syrup candied drink.
Everything must taste sugary for these worshipers, even their sermons.
The day is Sunday, and as the number eleven approaches, the guests filter
gradually into the largest building on the four-hundred acre property, a
high-roofed cathedral. Together with the pool, the strip-mall, investments
and the three taverns co-owned by the minister, the properties of
Foedimmanis Fundamentalist are worth approximately fifty million dollars.
The interior of the worship-space is plain, few stained-glass windows set
high and distant from the attendees, individual synthetic-rubber chairs for
each believer--so that each may have his or her own like relationship with
the almighty-and a huge, plain altar where stand two candles atop
kindlywhite




marble and more than a few golden crosses shine brilliant. The placement
of space and brilliant objects enhance the cathedral where thousands of
believers gather, set in a semi-circle around not so much the altar, but the
podium where the reverend Jackdaw delivers his dulcinous lectures and
divine imperatives to comfortable members who have lived largely
contented, unexciting, but sated lives. They learned the skill of obedience
over decades of pleasant submission.



“As we gather today, it is proper to speak of friendship. Not friendship of the
kind that is common...but the kind that is divine.”



The reverend Jackdaw begins.



“People today see the world in terms that are familiar: their occupation,
their automobile, their computer entertainment center. And we ought to
enjoy these things, my friends, we now need them.”



The reverend pauses as he smiles at his audience.
“...but what good are they without the presence of Christ? Is your
wide-screen television divine? Does your Porsche deliver you rapture in the
world? Why no, it doesn’t. But you know these things already, friends. You
know deep in your heart that there is no presence like Christ, no saving
presence like Jesus.”



The reverend Jackdaw smiled once more.



“No other can save you from the world, save you from the devil, save you
from yourself. You know, I had a friend once. He was the finest man who
ever lived. He had a wife who was kind and sociable and he had three
children: a little boy and two older girls. He had a fine career in law, and he
lived in a house that provided more room than he needed. Now, you might
suppose that I’m gonna tell you that he drank, or that he was an adulterer,
that he used co-caine or some other drugs. But I’m not gonna lie to ya, my
friends. I can’t lie to ya. I have to tell ya that he did none of those things. He
was kind and generous. He gave to charity, and he loved his dog.”



The reverend Jackdaw couldn’t help but pause here in order to permit the
chuckles and knowing smiles to subside.



“...Yes, he did. He loved that dog and treated it well. David, I think was its




name. And it lived some whole eleven years, it did. Fine animal. He loved
that dog and treated it well. He doted over his children, provided for them
good and proper. He went to little league. I believe he was a coach and he
and his wife had a good relationship, good Christian relationship. Yes, my
friends, he did everything good and proper. You might suppose I’m gonna
tell ya that he had no friends. But I’m not. No sir, that man had as many
friends as a man could want. He had all this and all that and all this that
and that and the other...”



The reverend Jackdaw paused.



“...and the man was miserable. He didn’t know it, didn’t know why, what
happened or wherefore...”



The reverend Jackdaw here bowed his head down.



“...but he was miserable. He was a good citizen, my friends. He knew what
was happening around him, he was informed about the what and
whereabouts of his childern...he was. But that was not enough, my friends,
and you know what I’m gonna tell ya. You know what was missing from that
man’s life because you know yourselves what you have in your lives. That
man was missing Jesus. It didn’t matter that he had comfort and security. It
didn’t matter that he had a loving wife, the three kids, the career, the good
citizenship. His dog couldn’t even help him.”



Again, the reverend Jackdaw paused.



“It didn’t even matter that he had an intimate group of friends, my loving
family. No, that didn’t matter at all. Because he didn’t make Christ a part of
that friendship. He didn’t allow Christ to come into his home and give him
the presence that is the only presence of true friendship. My friend was not
a Christian, and I could see how unhappy he was, how he could easily
have taken Christ as the center of his life...and been his friend. For that
friendship in Christ connects you to the Holy Spirit. And, the spirit breathes
life into you; it gives you what is essential to begin friendships with others. I
gotta tell you, friends, that unless you bring Christ into your life, no friend
can call you his brother and that is what true friendship is all about. Now,
I’m not gonna lecture you anymore about it because you know what I’m
tellin’ you. You sit before me as a flock that has heard the word of the only
shepherd. You’ve heard the word of Jesus and I want you to go out into the
wide world today and spread th word of friendship




with Christ everywhere you can. And when you bring an other into the fold,
you will have bonded with him in friendship with Christ, the only savior.
Cause you know that no law can bond you with god
 unless it's connected to Jesus.”



And with these words again the reverend Jackdaw stopped. He met his
eyes with all of those of the audience he was able and he beheld mostly
nodding heads. Then, the reverend Jackdaw began again.



“There is one more matter I’d like to take up with you today, friends. A
troubling matter. As you know, our good friend in Christ, Mr. Adder Dareios,
has blessed our community with his friendship. He has given to our humble
gathering until it hurt, my brothers, until it hurt. But he has not only given
this church the funding it needs to spread the friendship of Christ to the
world, he has given his own presence. There are some who believe that
Mr. Adder Dareios has tried to use this community, tried to damage our
communal bond. And so, I ask who has fooled you who think that Mr.
Dareios has taken anything from our church? Who is it who has fooled you
into
 believing that his generosity is anything less than friendship in Christ? You
remember the man who had everthing he wanted, everthing he needed?
You remember that he needed friendship in Christ and that is all he
needed, friends. His life was wretched not because he didn’t follow the law,
not because he didn’t love his childern, but because he didn’t have
friendship with Christ. Mr. Dareios provides us with the right tools we need
to go out into the world and spread his friendship, everwhere on earth. So,
don’t be fooled into thinking that accepting his generosity will bar you from
the kingdom of heaven. No, be assured that when you accept assistance
from a friend in Christ-Jesus you are helped along the path to Christ. No
word, career, law of purity or friend can do anything for you until Christ’s
presence is a part of it. Do not permit our flock to be led astray by false
accusations and bright, fiery words. Stay only with Christ, and let his work
in the world do its thing.”



The reverend Jackdaw there ceased his short sermon and began the
praise of Christ in song. Church services continued until the number twelve.
These services customarily begin at the number ten and the reverend
Jackdaw is a stickler about punctuality. Still, a few years ago the time of the
service was changed, the reverend surprisingly having insisted that the
alteration occur. It is difficult to determine how and why changes transpire
in such a large congregation as Foedimmanis Fundamentalist, since most
members have little or
no access to the upper hierarchy. Any complaints from even prominent
members of the congregation go unheeded, but the service now begins at
the number eleven.



Adder Dareios was born wealthy, guaranteed a comfortable life, and he
attended excellent schools, though his marks were mediocre. He never
excelled at intellectual matters, but pressure from his family compelled him
to perform some act, some display of superiority and Adder the fighter,
proved, and determined to continue the proof of, his merit. He realized
early that he had acumen for business. Not the kind of business that one
learns in school where the concepts flitter annoyingly about one’s head and
a good ethic becomes a barrier, but the kind of business that “makes the
world go round.” If one tends
 to a simple rule, one will be successful. Give as little as possible, take as
much as good reputation permits. This simple maxim Adder Dareios
adhered to as others adhere to the golden rule. It was a mode of conduct
seeped into his scruple, had bled abyss into his psyche. While other
children were making fun on the playground, the little Adder was
calculating. He had noted that while outside of the school grounds, almost
all children had continual access to gum and sweet-drops, yet inside the
school grounds almost no child possessed them. He purchased himself
massive amounts of the most popular flavors of sweet- drops, watermelon,
and the same of “Toxic Rubber-Trouble” bubble-gum, the most popular
sweet-chew. He had sat himself near the end of the slide where many of
the more popular children ended their enjoyment, and he gave out a few
sticks of chewing gum initially. When others returned, and asked for some
chew, he said that he had run low, that he was unable to give them up
without compensation. When his contemporaries asked how much, he
charged them ten times the price he had paid, but he was cleverer still. The
price was barely noticeable since he sold one piece at a time. One would
think that after a time Adder’s contemporaries would learn the scam,
themselves bring gum and sweets, but Adder knew enough about them.
Idleness and ignorance would compel the majority of them to forget a
supply of treats, and that desire would compel them to pay dearly for the
luxury of a sweet chew during recess. Adder Dareios noted that when
comfortable, most human beings question little and want change even less.
When a larger, older and more powerful boy confronted Adder, demanding
snacks gratis, he complied, but he made an agreement with the would-be
assailant. Adder promised the boy free treats, if he would keep other
thieves and attackers away. Thus began Adder’s first commercial
endeavor, and he was only to become more successful as he continued his
schooling, earning average marks at best. When he attended high school,
he was




“dealing” with janitors and some of the faculty. He might have access to
supplies that had vanished from the school warehouse, or he might be able
to correct, at enormous profit, a computer problem that plagued the staff
ever since one of his friends shot a virus through the school network. Adder
became the master of delivering others from difficulties, and providing them
with scarce goods, if scarce only temporarily. He had a knack for
recognizing needs and fulfilling them at precisely the right moment in order
to profit most, spend the least. Yet, he had no need for more money for
himself or for his family. Immediately after high school, Adder possessed
enough assets to become a money broker. His father refused to assist him
in his business venture because Adder was supposed to “make it on his
own.” Dareios researched the usury laws of his state and locale, and
maintained an upright,online profile and so his University experience was
lively and lucrative. His father easily afforded tuition, and Adder would be
able to lay claim to an excellent education, though his actual training was
not given in the halls of that university. There, in Boston, he met many
students who were in desperate need of funding, but who were unable to
obtain requisite sums in the time allotted. Some were brilliant students who
simply cared little for finances, and others were fresh out of options when
one of Adder’s associates introduced Dareios to their state of desperation.
Possessed of a mild quietude that aided his endeavor, he chatted with a
new “client” and in a friendly manner he was able to reassure them. Few
rivals existed and few criticized his success. Adder knew the concept of
largesse and how to apply it when needed. His fraternity, for example, gave
him charge of its finances, and once he had completed his stint as an
undergraduate, the GHT treasury was triple what it once had been. They
had underwritten more than twenty gatherings, some of which included the
university president. But here Adder Dareios was not without his detractors.
In his undergraduate junior year, he was accused of violating usury law in
Massachusetts. The authorities proved nothing, but Adder received
important insight into the politics of money-lending and its accompanying
perils. He completed his education with two masters’ degrees, one in
finance and another in Christian studies. He continued the expansion of his
enterprises and formed Dareios Inc., which expanded his usury practices to
real estate and bonds, but Adder continued the money-lending practice,
since it was not only lucrative financially, but politically. He had acquired
many associates during his years in Boston, and some few of those who
continued to owe him money began careers in politics. One of his “clients”
became governor with Dareios Inc. financial backing. It had been one of
Adder Dareios’ more risky investments, but the return, as usual, was far
greater than the initial investment. Adder appropriated the Washington
crowd in pieces, and there he and his partners




expanded their associations. It was then that Adder learned of a blistering
Jackdaw who at that time had only begun his rise as a divine leader. Five
years later, Dareios Inc. had financed the flowering of the flock with the
purchase, and protracted lease, of realty specifically designed for massive
social gatherings. Most of the real estate was owned by Adder Dareios,
and Adder’s social connections as a permanent part of Washington politics
attracted a steady flow of insiders to the church, whether to visit or to
become a member. Now, Adder was forty-five years old and he moved
about a bit more slowly than he had. He was unable to awaken himself at
his usual 6:30 am. In fact, he enjoyed a regular sleep schedule.



“Long morning stretch,” he used to tell his third wife was its name, and she
enjoyed the relaxation, tolerated the infidelities, ignored the absence of
authentic affection and attended the tiresome social gatherings with the
requisite face.



Adder Dareios was content, but he had asked the reverend Jackdaw to
alter the time of his sermon in order to give him and his wife that extra hour
within which the long morning stretch might be had. The reverend Jackdaw
agreed to the change directly, though with some reservation, and the praise
of Jesus began a bit later in the morning.



“Gives me a chance to polish the sermon,” the holy man explained to his
flock.



The reverend Jackdaw regularly proclaimed the virtues of Dareios Inc., and
there were pamphlets readily available at all the exits to the cathedral,
explaining the low interest loan of large amounts of money procurable for a
church-member or friend. Adder Dareios explained that the more powerful
the church members, the more powerful the church itself, and the reverend
Jackdaw agreed.



Thus their bond.
IRON BROWN INDUSTRIAL
CAMARADERIE

Mallory delighted in his work. He enjoyed tinkering and fixing things, not
that he was especially creative. He had purchased several clocks, an old
desk and a wooden wheel with the intention of refurnishing them, but he
never quite found the time or the appropriate moment to do so. It was a
point of contention between Mallory and his fiancé, one which was the
catalyst for finally rupturing their union. Still, he enjoyed constructing things
out of other things, and when he and the crew had completed their task, he
was able to observe objectively, to some degree, what he had completed.
The finished product gave him satisfaction and some pride, and he enjoyed
that much of his livelihood. He had begun as an apprentice to “Blown”
whose nickname stemmed from his surname Blownowski.



“I’m Blown,” he had introduced himself.



Mallory thought it peculiar that a man would accept and even cooperate
with a pejorative nickname, but there it was. Almost every crewmember
called him “Blown,” and as time passed, the name took on a more dignified
tone until it seemed natural to name the man absurdly. The other men in
the crew were similar to Blown, possessing stocky builds, abusive senses
of humor and pot bellies gathered unknowingly from beer and corn-syrup.
Many of the younger men constantly smelled of inexpensive liquor, as if
they drank alcohol on site, but one sensed that the liquid permeated their
body, seeped into their existence to a profound level, as if their essence
were liquored. Mallory wasn’t particularly fond of Blown, even at the
beginning of their association, but he disliked his mentor less than he was
averted to the other members of the crew. He had almost no tolerance for
their chat, or their crude behavior, though he disliked pretense intensely.
One of the younger crew members played practical jokes, which almost
always elicited howls of laughter from the rest of the group, but his were




not good-natured jibes or easygoing teasings. He had told a new
crewmember that it was permissible to enjoy a smoke-break at a time when
the supervisor was particularly annoyed at too many breaks. The new
employee was fired on the spot. A reprimand was expected, or, even better,
an amusing public scolding would have sufficed, but no-one laughed when
the young man sulked off the site. Still, the next day the crew found the
incident humorous.



“I hated that guy,” said the man who had gotten him fired, though he had
smiled to his face, joked with him.



Mallory disliked juvenile behavior of this kind, and he tolerated it only as
much as he deemed absolutely necessary. He laughed at the jokes played
upon him and those played upon hapless others, but the crew observed
correctly that he did not believe in their humor with the same spirit they
possessed. Mallory was annoyed when young men, around the age of
seventeen or even younger, would arrive in order to learn the trade. One of
them would be put to work cleaning up after the men, or he might be
employed as gopher.



“Go-for”



These youths regularly learned little or nothing, and that was bad enough,
but Mallory’s least favorite trick was the clever “left-handed screwdriver”
deception. One member of the crew would tell the apprentice to ask
another member for a left-handed screwdriver. Each successive member
would say they didn’t have one, or that they lent it to someone else,
directing him to the next accomplice. The victim meandered about the site,
from crewmember to crewmember, asking for a non-existent tool, until they
realized the ruse, or until someone told him outright that he had been
duped. Some new crew members wandered about for hours or even days
before they realized what was happening. Blown had even attempted the
ruse on a middle-aged Mallory, but when asked to retrieve a left- handed
hammer,



“Incredibly stupid,” Mallory had replied.



Perhaps his remark created a distance between him and his co-workers
from the beginning, but Mallory cared nothing for them at the time. He was
engaged to a future lawyer and would soon no longer need the monetarily
rewarding, but at times wearisome, profession. He realized only later, when
his fiancé sabotaged and tore apart their union from within, that he needed
to remain occupied thusly
for several years--perhaps his lifetime. As a result of his lack of interest in
jolly- making of this kind, Mallory was not a qualified crewmember equipped
with a certification of adolescent assholitry. He sat with them, and he joked
with them in order to prevent a social assault on his person and reputation,
which he had seen performed on more than one outcast crewmember. He
laughed communally when one of them dripped paint-thinner on another’s
sandwich, the two men coming to fisticuffs. At times, he even socialized
with one or two of them, but he never trusted them, never shared personal
information or concerns. Having arrived in Chicago, he thought he would
obtain a degree or find an office position somewhere, work his way up.
And, once his wife began practicing, he would have had the leisure to
return to school, or to select a lucrative position carefully. Mallory never
imagined that he would become a plasterer whose main responsibility was
to finish up with a coat of paint and to clean up a construction site after the
job had been completed. The work was satisfying and admirable in a way
and his remuneration was adequate, ample even, since he had relatively
few needs, but he remained unsatisfied with his occupation and with the
social context within which he labored. The crew to which he belonged was
obligated to don red safety vests that were almost the ugliest articles of
clothing ever produced. He detested wearing them, but their company
believed firmly that each crew member ought to be not only safe, but
recognizable. The vests were distinctive, and they did perform a worthwhile
function. Equipped with a personal tracking sensor, they kept the
employees visible under any circumstances, so that any supervisor or
company executive would be able to determine what they were doing,
when, and how they acted on the site. That the vests were the most
inexpensive solution to a safety concern, that they permitted the company
to claim it had satisfied safety regulations were fringe benefits.



“Mal, they need you on two,” Blown said to him. “They finished?”
“No, they’re startin’ up. What do you think?”
 Mallory quietly gathered together his tools: paint bucket, hooks, and
tool-box.



“Any word on Laggard?”
 “His mother says he’s doin’ fine. Should be back already.”




“He was hurt pretty bad.”



“That little pussy should be back at work.”



Blown waited for Mallory to respond, but he said nothing.



“If I find out he’s playin’, you know, sittin’ out for no reason, I’ll break his
fuckin’ head for ‘im. I play too, but this is too much. I got this for him.”



Blown shook a ratchet back and forth vigorously, smiling. Blown was, of
course, joking, but Mallory smelled a bit of rum, and he quickened the pace
of his tool- gathering. Regretting his own question, he wanted desperately
to depart before he heard any more of Blown’s comments.



“I hate that shit.”
Blown had explained his prejudice early. He told Mallory that he did not
enjoy the company of educated persons. He disliked their hauteur, though
Blown did not possess the words to explain it adequately. Blown knew that
they possessed nothing except pretense. He gleefully explained to Mallory
how he once created an altercation between himself and one of those. The
man had wandered into a bar where an inebriated Blownowski was sinking
three quarters at a time into a pinball machine. The man had been friendly
toward the drunken construction worker, but Blown pretended as though he
heard something he disliked.



“What did you say?” Blown asked. “Nothing.”



“No, I heard somethin’,” he continued. “No, really, I said nothing.”



“Oh, I see. You callin’ me a liar.”



The man moved away from Blown to the other side of the bar. There Blown
followed and waited until he went outside in order to smoke a cigarette.
Blown followed and hit the stranger in the face.




“Beat some sense into one of ‘em that day,” Blown laughed.
Mallory thought how lately Blown changed since he became a supervisor.
Blown’s old friends and acquaintances were coming to be fewer and fewer,
but he didn’t appear to care. Blown took a tone of apathetic superiority
towards his former friends and colleagues much like successful academics
take to adjuncts and to others in inferior disciplines. In fact, much like
others to every other. He had even explained to Mallory that he cared
nothing at all for anyone but his family, and Mallory ruminated that the earth
would implode before Blown cared about anyone with whom he worked, or
practically any other.



Thus their bond.




FURTHERING THE PURSUIT OF
UNITY

One of his bar-time acquaintances had told Mallory in detail legends of
penthouses and parties that ended only when the guests passed out, or
departed at daylight. The alcohol gratis, the space open and indulgent.
Mallory remembered the Newcomer and he wanted to see for himself how
the he entertained his guests. He had heard that this odd man invited some
of the guests for future visits, had entertained them with a live blues-band,
and at times important personages from the Chicago community attended.
Mallory thought that he might be able to network his way into the world that
he had originally coveted. He attended every affordable bar, beerhouse and
tavern that he knew at least once. He attempted, five months long, to find
Brazil and her friend in order to talk with them again. Perhaps he may find a
new occupation with new connections, may leave his old job for something
more lucrative. At the very least, he should be able to entertain himself,
seeing what there is in a Newcomer’s world. Mallory had not been able to
locate the Newcomer whose initial visit to The Everyday Tavern Entautha
had apparently been his final one. Apparently, Amity’s reaction to the dogs
had not made the Newcomer feel welcome. In fact, Mallory had chatted
with Amity about it.



“I see dogs in taverns all the time.” “Bullshit.”



“No, really. No-one says nothin’. Nothing happens. I’ve seen it.”



“Why do you want to see that guy again? You didn’t like him when he was
here.”



“Just curious is all.”




“You want to go to one of those all-nighters Brandy and Mead told you
about.”



“I want to see for myself.”
 “Free drinks,” Amity sputtered out.
Mallory searched again and again, but he had no luck finding the two
putative socialites. He had spent a fair amount of money in the hunt, but
nothing. Mallory mapped out the night-spots that he had already visited,
and when he was at a specific place he asked if anyone had seen the two,
seemingly unmistakable, friends with two green-collared dogs. Mallory
explained that the dogs were unique, that they had no hair except on their
heads. Perhaps half of the places he visited had seen the pair, and Mallory
inferred the improbability of a return to a specific night-spot. Thus, he
returned to those eateries and taverns who claimed no knowledge of the
pair, and he didn’t return to those where they had visited, but he grew
weary of the time-consuming pursuit, and gradually over his five-month
project Mallory ceased observing the crowds at public events in order to
catch a glimpse of two strangers. He began to resume his ordinary routine,
which included a resignation to his somewhat comfortable occupation and
his tavern-minding regularity. He darted with, and argued with, his friend
Amity, and Mallory became accustomed to “Punk-boy.” He even organized
a holiday “get-together” at his home. He drank his sweetmints, and he
tolerated the easygoing tease that came with them. These patrons he liked.
Mallory recognized an aggravate commiseration that bonded them. He
fought with them at times, but they usually reconciled quickly. And once in a
great while, a new, friendly lady-form would wander hapless into The
Everyday Tavern Entautha.



“My friend over there wants to buy you a drink, but he’s too shy,” he said to
one likely candidate.



Mallory pointed to the corner of the bar where no-one sat. The woman
glanced over at the area where he pointed.
“No-one there," she said.
 Mallory turned his inebriated form toward the corner of the bar, his head
moving




forward involuntary. “Must’ve run off,” He smiled at her. “’sppose I should
buy you one.”



“Kinda ridiculous, but alright.”



Mallory motioned the tender towards him. He ordered two shots of “Jack” a
Black-and-tan and a mint julep. The bartender obliged, but warned him that
he was near his limit. Mallory attempted to straighten himself out, comport
himself soberly. He managed to refrain from staggering and a trip to the
bathroom provided him with much-needed water for righting himself. His
thoughts were heavy and his hand not altogether unsteady. He had a great
tolerance for alcohol. The woman chuckled to herself, seeming receptive.
Mallory guessed that perhaps he might have some luck this evening, and
he was tending to her needs, making her laugh, keeping lady-attention
cornered. Rather inebriated, he had not the perception that he ordinarily
commanded, and there were a few moments when he was confused, or
rather, there was an imperception about him. Mallory had let down his
guard and relaxed over the past few weeks and he had no need to pay
much heed to his surroundings. Besides, the persons and the place around
him were so familiar that they nearly disappeared before him. Still, he
recognized that something was amiss, yet he was unable to determine
what it was, too drunk. He realized that his hand felt warm and moist, and
he didn’t understand why, nodded his head drunkenly. He smiled again at
his acquaintance and decided to direct his attention to her, but when he
looked at his hand, he at last comprehended the warm, clandestine
presence of a green- collared dog who sat kissing his fingers dog-tongue.
He tapped the friendly animal on its head while the canine beamed back at
him verdant dogsmile eyes. Mallory observed the layout of the tavern,
recognizing an orange-red fullformed- figure of a drunken woman with a
new body. Delightedly abandoning his recent acquaintance, he casually
wandered over where the Newcomer and his accomplice entertained many
others who themselves welcomed new company.



Suddenly a bit more sober, Mallory meandered about the bar, observing the
small gathering of drunkards that circled the Newcomer and Brazil. He sat
as near to them as he was able, but he was not within speaking distance. It
seemed as if the pair had particular success this evening, since Amity did
not seem to tend bar, and the dogs who continued their trot about the
tavern were able to remain. Knowing the man, Mallory suspected that the
tender had been bribed, or that he did not care. Mallory remained for a time
watching the persons who laughed with Brazil, who listened intently to the
Newcomer as he talked. He was




fortunate that the next round of drinks included him; the Newcomer glanced
at him once or twice, but within the few eye contacts Mallory was able to
discern no recognition. He noticed that the green-collared dogs wandered
back and forth around the bar-area, dogsmiling. On one pass, he met the
black with his hand, but the animal wouldn’t remain in one place. The dog
hurried toward the Newcomer as if he held some unceasing, unseen
command over the canine. He hadn’t called to the animal, but the dog
appeared to need his attention, his approval, at every given time. The
Newcomer beckoned the dog to leap onto his thighs, though the feat was
impossible. The black yelped, and then he placed his forequarters onto the
lap of the Newcomer in order to obey the command as much as possible.
The black not remaining unrewarded, his master gave affection freely and
in abundance, and every so often the black would receive a treat, gobbling
a crunchy caricature bone. Mallory forced himself to obtain the attention of
the Newcomer, but he was unable to muster sufficient will to wave, or smile.
He was not the bashful kind, but something prevented him from
acknowledging the odd and alluring man. His opportunity arrived when one
of the green-collared dogs ate a pretzel-piece from the bar-floor. Mallory
took a few long stems from the plastic cylinder, and broke small pieces off.
He held one of the pieces in his hand, lowering it to the line of vision for the
canine. Success greeted him quickly as the dog moved toward him,
pressed its eyes up to him. He fed the animal and the green-collared dog
willingly remained by his side for as long as the victuals lasted.



The Newcomer quickly noticed the absence of his animal; he looked about
the bar in order to determine where it had gone. Mallory kept hold of the
dog’s collar, and



“Lookin’ for your dog?” “I am.”



“He’s here. He likes pretzels.” Mallory didn’t make apology, or ask if he had
done wrong in feeding the animal.



“So long as he’s alright.”



“He’s cool. No bother,” Mallory returned, noting that the Newcomer paid
scant attention to him, was mainly concerned for the animal. The
Newcomer turned his attention back to Brazil and some others chatting
busily, laughing easy while




the generosity continued. “Mallory.”



Mallory reached out his hand. The Newcomer observed him within a
moment of hesitation, which Mallory thought was strange, but after almost
scoffing at him, the two hands clasped in a recognition of presence.



“’Unfortunate.’”
 “Pardon me?” Mallory asked.



“’Unfortunate.’ Your name means ‘unfortunate one.’”



Mallory didn’t know if he liked the idea. Perceiving a distance, he managed
a grin.



“That explains a few things.”



The two were unable to share more words, since the group was gathering,
already prepared to hop. Eleven bar-tenders in all crowded the exit in order
to pile together outside of the tavern. Someone waved a taxi-van down,
and most of the inebriates shifted slippery inside. Mallory happened to be
the last of the guests obliged to stuff himself inside the taxi-van, and,
impatient and opportunist, he walked to the vehicle in front of the taxi where
an orange-clad Brazil maneuvered her still ample frame into the waiting
cabin. Once she was inside, he lowered his head and began the crawl into
the car where he encountered two incredulous occupants. The dogs were
seated opposite Brazil and the Newcomer in leather chairs, and while there
was much more space in the vehicle, there were no more seats. The
Newcomer said not one word, but he pointed, fiercely gesticulated, towards
the taxi-van behind. A glare arose between Brazil and the Newcomer, and
Mallory swiftly exited, almost unable to find space in the van behind.
Nonetheless, he and they were on their way.



The penthouse was colossal. Mallory had never been inside a living-space
so large with so very much space wasted. The Newcomer explained that
he lived alone, but the space might house comfortably at least five, perhaps
as much as ten, occupants. A large table was set for twenty guests, and
each of the inebriates took a place. Mallory sat beside an older man of
about sixty years and a woman




who appeared to have once been quite attractive, some substance having
ravaged her over many years. She was comely of frame still, but her
features, even her face, were becoming bloated by age and obvious
consumption. She smelled heavily of liquor; it permeated her existence,
was she. The hosts drew seats at the end of the table. They received
napkins from one of the servants and, as if mock-proper, tucked them in to
their collars, protected from the clumsy feastings of hoi polloi. Brazil
chuckled, and the Newcomer suppressed a smirk.
“You don’t mind our guests tonight, yet you disliked them only a few months
ago.” He talked quietly.



She shrugged. The three servants were dressed in canary-yellow suits.
Yellow ties. Yellow shirts. Yellow shoes, but every so often, if one were to
observe their feet, a flash of brown emerged because of the only dark color
in their attire, brown socks. They served a dark brown soup comprised of
what appeared to be dumplings.



“Our servers wear the color of joy in the spirit of our gathering,” offered the
Newcomer.



Mallory moved the dumpling around in the deep porcelain bowl that sat
before him. The liquid in the bowl had brown specs that mixed with the
water if stirred, but they appeared to blend poorly with the water, as if the
food disliked blending with life-giving water. He observed other guests who
themselves were unsure of the potion, some smelling the concoction,
others mixing and remixing it as Mallory had done. Leaning his head over
the bowl, he drew a wellblended spoonful of the fluid into his utensil and
slid it in to his mouth. The liquid tasted just as it appeared, like dirt mixed
with a large amount of salt. Mallory thought he tasted brine, or salt-water,
but, grimacing, he consumed the dish nonetheless. He looked at the
Newcomer and his friend with a new body, and both of them beamed at
him. The Newcomer nodded at Mallory. He recognized that it was best to
nod in return, but he remained unable to do so. A mutual amusement
seemed to arise between Brazil and the Newcomer. Mallory found that the
dumpling was far less foul than the sauce had been, but still barely edible.
It tasted more like a lump of soft, uncooked dough than anything else and it
seemed quite greasy. He watched his hosts eat theirs with delight, and he
mimicked them as best he was able. Oddly, the one serving of brine
dumpling was the only food served that evening, yet it had been filling. The
food having sobered him a bit, Mallory expected snacks of some kind, or
even pizza, but




once the food had been served, the Newcomer directed a servant to bring
into the dining-area a small platform on which a silver bell swung back and
forth while the table beneath it moved. The Newcomer grasped a stick with
a silver-colored ball on its end from the top of the platform. He struck the
bell. “Clong! Clong! Clong!” Its sound was louder than expected, filling the
room pleasantly, yet its resonance startled many of the guests. Some
murmured, complaining that they had not been served anything alcoholic,
and Mallory resisted the urge to roll his eyes when the bell rang.



“Now, the festivities! Here, the wine-chime!” said the Newcomer as he
raised a bottle of wine in the air. Brazil giggled.



One of the Yellow-suited servants removed the bell from its platform, and
inverted it. The top of the silver-signal was flat once a clip was removed,
and having wiped the inside of the bell clean, the servant grasped one of
dozens of wine bottles that he had rolled in on a cart. He began pouring
entire the contents of each bottle of wine into the bell, stained from
apparent use. When the bell was filled to the brim with white, red and rose,
the Newcomer lifted it to his lips.



“Tu ne quaesieris – scire nefas – quem mihi, quem tibi finem di dederint1,”
he said.
None in the room understood him. Knowing his words were spoken to a
void, the Newcomer turned up the bell slowly, without pause, and drained it
to the final draught. He placed it back on its stand, and again. “Clong!
Clong! Clong!” The servant removed the bell once again, and he inverted it
once more, filling the wine-chime with another, yet different, concoction of
varied wines. Swiftly were the guests more attentive, and smiles rode high
on yellow visage of communal ease. The woman bloated by alcohol even
laughed, nudged Mallory, and he could not help but chuckle. Again, the
wine was mixed, and the servants poured glasses of water for all present,
though only Mallory, Brazil and the Newcomer paid attention to the water.



“I can’t drink that whole bowl,” said one guest, the concoction given him.



“But please try. After all, we are all friends. Make merry with one another.
Let’s leave nothing dry tonight, yes?”




1 Horace Carminum XI. “Enjoy the passing hour.”




“Let’s agree shall we?” Brazil asked rhetorically, mock ing the Newcomer.
“The wine-chime is to be drained by each of us.”



“We will be brothers and sisters, yes?” added the Newcomer. Brazil and the
Newcomer mock-embraced, and some of the guests smiled and found
another to hold near while others simply waited their turn at the
wine-chime. The bloated beauty near Mallory turned to him.



“It’s kind of weird, but what the hell?” she stated more than asked.



The woman laughed as the bell approached Mallory who noticed that the
concoction was a deep burgundy brown as he poured it down his throat,
circumventing his taste-buds as much as he was able. The bell took time
going around the table, and as the last of the revelers drained the uneasy
concoction, the affects of the sudden deluge of vinum revealed themselves
in the wobbliness and disorientation of faces and words. Brazil was last to
drain the bell. When she had done so, the table slipped into a round of
applause that each one had survived a kind of rite.



“To the theater,” said the Newcomer.



A glass of water in his hand, he arose steadily and directed his guests to
another room of the penthouse. The theater-space possessed a stage and
a podium from which one might recite poetry, or perform a drama intimately.
While the Newcomer patted the backs of his new friends as they filed
reluctantly into the theater, Mallory noticed that a few of them remained at
the table. One young man having aged perhaps twenty years, appeared to
have dropped off after he drained the wine-chime. The bloated beauty
attempted to rouse him, but the youth, his mouth open wide, responded
only in soft murmurs and a whistling snore. She became concerned, and
she alerted the Newcomer who first directed her to the theater, and then
turned his attention to the boy. He motioned to one of his yellow-clad
servants, and they carried the young man to another room,
apparently where he might recuperate. The Newcomer joined his
entourage in the theater soon enough and he stood at the podium.



“Your pleasure will be served,” he asserted as two servants began asking
each guest what drink, or else, he or she might desire. “We will hear tonight
some poetry written by the Other, a man of will and radical ability,” said the
Newcomer. “It is, as you might imagine, a wanton gathering of words
illappropriate to our minor fête,” he added.



What appeared to be an actor walked from behind the stage. He wore a
warm, comfortable, yellow flannel shirt with blond jeans and soft, tawny
suede slippers. He smiled warm a kind regard for all those in the audience,
and after he had placed a few sheets of paper on the podium, he walked
about the seats where inebriates waited, and he embraced kindly each
drunken gatherer warm his plenty. A lengthier welcome he made to the
Newcomer and his Brazil. When he returned to the podium:



Existence made
creates its cohesion
as warm happiness
light moves
our frenzied absolution
granted
by intimate overflowing of kindness again made welcome
our vigorous marriage
driven
by the solipsist.
Mallory was uncertain when he ought to clap; he wanted very much to
demonstrate his willingness to be willing, and at the point of the solipsist,
he began. Fortunately for the unfortunate, he began correctly. The
audience followed his lead, and the Newcomer turned smile toward him in
a rare moment of unity. The eve wore thick with words embraced by
intoxication, guitaring and dance-study. Mallory fought well the quiet drowse
that crept upon him softly. Guests dropped steadily, while emergency
medical technicians carried the twenty-year youth quietly out of the
penthouse. The guest who remained until dawn was the unfortunate, at last
perhaps auspicious.




Thus began their bond.




YELLOW JOY AND IRON RED IRE

Leon Ochrowskovich was shocked. He wasn’t doing anything wrong. He
stood properly in an acceptable stance with grace and respectability. He
had done the same thing countless times. His waterdrink trembled in his
hand as if he were an innocent child found stealing a negligible stick of
gum.



“Leon, I don’t know why you insist on standing by the watercooler all day
long! Don’t you have work to do?!”



Leon stood wordless in his yellow sweater and rusted corduroy uniform. His
appearance was extraordinary, he recognized that himself, yet all was not
well with the world, not well indeed. Ordinarily, he was able to return a
comment or two, sing an aria of gregarious affability that charmed all
present homotheria, but the pure distress of hearing angry words emerge
from the Brigade...



“I...well...that is...I have....”



“I...well..I..I..I...get...hell...out of my sight,” grumbled the Brigade, mocking
his workmate and ally.



Leon was unable, or refused to, move from his position beside the cooler,
drink in hand. The Brigade leafed through mail that was intended for the
head manager of Corpu-tech, peevish all the way. Felina occasionally
glimpsed at him tearing open the envelopes forcefully, and she wisely
decided that she would remain quiet for the duration of the Brigade’s
assault. Charles glanced twice at Leon, distressed and unsurprised that he
had not moved from his watercooler vigil. He glared at the great gilded
mass of fulvous gregariousness known to all who are able to receive joy as
Leon Ochrowskovich.
“Yes, well Felina...,” Leon said bringing a reluctant Fe




lina into the fray.
 “...if you find the 6.7 folder, I would be grateful...that is I would be quite
happy for your assistance. Otherwise, all is fine and well, yes-yes, fine and
well.”



Felina neither responded, nor did she acknowledge Leon’s words. Her eyes
darted toward Leon once and twice, and she nodded her head ever so
slightly in order to claim later that she assisted him, but she was familiar
with the Brigade.



“You know, Leon, if I didn’t see the work you actually do, I’d think you’re
some kind of dullard. It’s unbelievable, your nonsense. You’re like a
sixth-grader on the playground,” said the Brigade derisively.



Leon tapped the front desk where Felina remained too busy to meet eyes
with the Brigade, and then he nodded. He fumbled about inside his
pockets, moving his keys and coins about and searching for an
explanation. The situation was unusual indeed, yes-yes, indeed atypical.



“Go back to your office, Leon. Do some work. Something!” The Brigade
waved his arm up and down in a disdainful manner.
Leon scurried away, still seeking an answer on his person.
 The Brigade directed his attention to his mass of junk-mail once more only
to find that, a few minutes later, Leon returned. He was clearly distressed,
and he nodded to the Brigade a few times. He grasped his forgotten cup
from atop the water-cooler, while the Brigade rolled his eyes and sighed.
Leon bowed a shallow acknowledgment and scurried again away as far as
he was able. The Brigade grumbled a bit more as he threw away most of
the incoming mass of papered solicitation. He walked off slowly, his head
shaking back and forth as he observed the workstations that he passed. He
was meandering back to his office, clearly with some reluctance. Roughly
five minutes passed as Felina once again buried herself in more work and
detail that need not be completed at the moment.



“What is his problem today? I’d say that it’s just another day, yes, one like
all the rest...” Leon gave bob to his head as he talked. “...but I fear he’d cut
my head off.”



Leon startled Felina with his words for Brigade and with her. “He’s been like




that for a few days,” she said.



“Well, he can’t do Corpu-tech much good like that,” noted Leon.
“Everyone has problems, Leon.”
 Leon took a final sip from his cup, and then he filled it with water once
more.



“Those problems are not personal problems, Felina the Great. Trust me,
believe me...I know.”



Leon gave tap to his temple then pointed his index finger at Felina playfully.
She strained a smile.



“Those problems are our problems, let me just say.”



Leon was watching the Brigade in his office; careful to be able to dart away
from the front desk should his superior emerge annoyed, or loud. Felina
looked up from her work, pondering. “His home-life seems to be going
well?”



“Indeed...Indeed,” Leon returned as he rocked back and forth his standing
position. And Leon would know. During the remainder of the morning, Leon
paid no attention to the reproof the Brigade had given him. He tended his
duties as he always did, fulvous gladsmiling and office-visiting camaraderie.
He made rounds about the office, asking what everyone knew of the
Brigade and his recent behavior. Hal Joysticker knew little about the matter,
except that he acknowledged the Brigade’s mood change of late.



“He did the same to me last week. I wasn’t doin’ any thing out of the
ordinary.”
“Interesting...interesting.” Leon stroked his well-shaven chin.



The remnants of the morning passed quickly, and the early afternoon was
quiet, mostly because the Brigade barricaded himself in his office. No
employee wanted to risk an encounter, and practically everyone remained
at their station, not wanting to aggravate the martial man. Leon, true to
form, was unable to resist a chat with his superior, but he recognized the
needed delicacy. He waited




until the afternoon was ripe. He had perused magazines and some internet
sites in order to find something that might interest the Brigade. He found an
article on steroid use in basketball, and he printed it just for the
 occasion. When he knocked on the Brigade’s door, he found it slightly ajar.
Leon edged his way in without waiting for a response.



“What do you want Leon?” came a bothered voice. The ochre-fellow
discerned irritation.



“Oh well, yes, I have nothing official for you. No, I am unofficially here for an
informal stop-by, just a visit mind you.”



“Leon, why do you talk that way? I mean...”
 “Yes, just my manner, just...well just how I was raised, sir.”
“Stop that ‘sir’ shit.” “Yes...of course, by all means.”



“Where do you come from?”
 “As you know, the Midwest. Yes, as you know.”
 The Brigade shook his head, yet he was unable to suppress a good grin.



“I printed this for you,” Leon interjected. He handed the article to the
Brigade who observed it, noting to himself that Leon had spent the
afternoon obtaining it instead of working as the Brigade had suggested.



“Read it already, but thanks Leon.” He held out the ar ticle for Leon to
retrieve.



“I read it during lunch break. Thought you might like it,” Leon said without
noticing that the Brigade was handing his effort back to him.



“Thoughtful of you, but that’s not why you’re here.”




The Brigade placed the article in his “shred” file. Leon smiled, and then he
wrung his hands. He pushed his fingers through his thick hair.
“It’s just that...I...well...that is to say. I’ll just say it. It’s of no real weight, no
real weight at all. Yes I’ll just say it...”



“What in god’s name do you want, Leon?”



“I’m concerned. I know you're my boss, superior in fact, but I consider us
friends,...so to speak. Or...not so to speak, real friends...yes. Authentic, one
might say. I mean,...I’ve been to your home for dinner and you mine...and I
thought that perhaps you might enjoy a



little chat.”



Leon stood leaning his torso back and forth slightly, irritating and amusing
the Brigade. The two men stared at one another, Leon hoping the moment
was ripe for plucking.



“Nothing serious. No, about nothing serious at all. Steroids even. Unless, of
course, you wish to make it so.”



Leon paused and gave the Brigade an anxious look. He swayed back and
forth again as was his habit. Leon glanced away from their eye contact two
or three times, but returned, light in expression, his eyes to the Brigade.
The Brigade laughed, since he recognized Leon’s manner now familiar to
him for years. This silly man had always



made him glad somehow, the mere presence of the tawny lion.
“You want to know what’s bothering me. I know you.”



“If you wish to share something with me, I would be honored indeed, but it
is not needful. Feel free to talk as you please...but I am concerned. That’s
all. And if you wish that I leave your office, I will do so gladly.”



Leon began to move away, but slowly. “Sit down.”




“I will leave gladly.” Leon expressed his thought with a question while he
motioned towards the door.



“Sit down.”



Leon complied, and he appeared more relaxed than when he entered the
office, having sunk into his favorite chatting-chair in the Brigade’s office.



“You remember a conversation we had a while back about changes coming
to this branch?”



“I do.”
 “Well, I believe they have come...”
“But we met the new ownership. He said no changes. His word, yes he
gave his word.”



“I don’t mean him.” “??”



“We’ve gone public for some reason and that concerns me.”



“But who would want to acquire us? No, no, we have no fear here. Our little
family will abide, I assure you.”



“I’ve seen it happen, Leon. The big fishes gobble up all of the little fishes.
They grow fat that way. And, I’m tellin’ you, money keeps disappearing,” the
Brigade said with a pained tone of voice.



“But we will not let that happen, my friend. If we stay together, if we abide
with one another, there is nothing that can keep us apart. I’ll say it and I’ll
say it because it is true: we will remain.”



Having leaned over the Brigades’ desk, Leon grabbed the Brigade by the
shoulder and shook him once or twice. Though he was not a small man,
the
Brigade did not possess the weight needed to keep the gregarious giant at
bay and the two men began to laugh at their concerns, but a name kept
appearing before the Brigade’s mindseye: Dareios Inc.




FURTHERING THE PURSUIT OF
CADMIUM ORANGE

Mallory awoke again with a parched mouth. He felt not bad, considering
what he had forced himself to imbibe the previous evening. His flame
kindled on a divan he perceived to be the most comfortable place he had
slept in years. His eyes directed his gaze floor-ward initially, and Mallory
perceived the long- haired face of a feline who sat before him, gracefully
licking its paw. She was a fit tortoise-shell feline whose eyes beamed bright
acumen. Every so often, she abruptly ceased her effort at grooming and
her face would peer at Mallory; she would observe him cursorily, and then
return to her grooming. Mallory reached his hand out to pet the animal on
the head, but Dora immediately recoiled, and then she scurried off, as if a
wild boar had threatened her very existence.



“Not the way to gain a cat’s attention.”



Mallory turned his head toward the voice. He noted the large, somewhat
familiar frame of the lady with a new body. She was balanced upon a short
stool, her long, orange-brown night-shirt draped about her body. Beside her
was a tackle- box opened to reveal its three shelves of pencils and
ink-pens. A rectangular board, possessing a clip at one end and an oblong
hole obviously cut for the presence of four fingers, lay across her thighs.
She was busily scratching the surface of a thick piece of paper she had
placed on the board. She drank from a cup nearby.



“Don’t move.”



Mallory resisted the urge to defy her immediately. He didn’t take pleasure in
her imperative, or her tone of voice, yet he remained still, not moving his
head.



“Lay your head down again.”




He complied reluctantly, wondering how he would manifest in her
imagination. Brazil scratched a few more times, hurrying to complete the
preliminaries. She clutched the drink on the end-table, had another gulp.
Mallory wanted to arise, was curious about the penthouse. He observed as
much as he was able, looking about the white-carpeted living-room stained
by wine the evening previous. All of the pieces of furniture were new, or
refinished antiques. A roll-top desk associated with a civil-war rocking-chair
nearby him. All the objects in the room were neatly arranged, tightly
packed. Mallory
noticed a painting, high-set, on the wall opposite him. The shadow of a
man, or at least a dark figure whose features were difficult to ascertain,
walked through a field of tall grass. The figure appeared to observe Mallory
with its sable, deep- probing eyes. Its expression neither permitted humor,
nor graced the beautiful field around it with
slight mirth. Mallory thought the figure was unnecessarily imposing.



“Alright. You can get up now,” said Brazil.



Mallory waited a moment before he moved; he again didn’t like her tone,
didn’t want to obey the woman with a new body.



“Where’s everyone?”
 “You’re everyone,” returned Brazil.



Mallory lifted himself up with his elbows, and he took in the Newcomer’s
home a bit more. More of the same. Everything was neatly arranged,
expensive and tasteful. He watched Brazil gather her pencils and pens in
her ample hand, place them in he multi-tiered box. He arose and walked
behind Brazil in order to see the drawing that lay on her thighs. It depicted
his torso and a close-up of his face, quite well rendered. He leaned forward
and observed the sketch, and Brazil leaned away from him, as if proximity
to him was threatening, or vexing. He thought well of the representation,
except she had made his eyes more sunken than he thought they
appeared, which gave his expression a dissipated tone. Mallory noticed
what appeared to be the title “Drunken Opportunist”, which confused and
took him aback for a moment, but he decided to ignore it.
“Where is the bathroom?”
 “The restroom is down there.” Brazil pointed down one of the hallways. “To
the




right.”



Mallory gave her a dirty look, which she was unable to see. Brazil appeared
to be intent upon ignoring him for the most part, besides the attention given
him for her drawing.



“Where is the master of the house?” he asked mock serious, just as he
considered Brazil.



At first, Brazil didn’t reply. She was upset enough that one of the
tavern-lovers had been able to remain as long as he did. Brazil didn’t trust
him. She had met many of his kind, and her policy was to give them as little
information as possible, to watch them closely. Still, he seemed to be
friendly enough.



“He's out fixing his Lago,” she said, expecting his ignorance. “He owns a
Talbot-Lago?”
“He obsesses over his roadster.”
 “He owns a Talbot-Lago roadster?”



“Yes.” Brazil’s tone took on a tone of superiority. “Those cars are not
roadsters, as far as I know.”



“It’s a roadster.”
 “How many seats?”



“Two.” “Hardtop?”



“Yes.”
 “That’s a sedan.”



Mallory noted that when Brazil talked, she appeared to possess some of
the




defining features of the shadow figure in the painting. She seemed pleasant
at times, but she appeared unfeeling as well--as though the facial features
of the painting took life in her voice. Still, he guessed that perhaps her tone
was not natural to her and these were first impressions that Mallory knew to
distrust. He supposed that perhaps she wore a mask placed upon her by
some other.
“My father used to work on one of those cars.”



Brazil produced a deep frown, so much that Mallory took note of it. He had
grown a bit impatient with her, her seeming covetousness and exclusivity
towards their mutual acquaintance.



“I’ll have to talk to him about it. I learned a few things about those cars. I
even helped my old man work on that one.”



Again Brazil was annoyed, scowled even. Mallory recognized her vexation.



“Yeah, those things were few and far between.” He continued with some
amusement. “They were proto types, really. They never saw mass
production. Hand- made. Jaguars, and other great cars were influenced by
that design.”



“You mean the Talbot-Lago design influenced the designers of other cars,
right?”



Mallory recognized her intention. He attempted to chat amicably. “I mean
that car is sensual.”



“It is curvy.”
 “Hell, that thing is over the top, as they say,” Mallory
said as he wandered towards the bathroom.



When he emerged from cleaning his face, and straightening up as much as
he was able, he met a silent hallway. He walked back to the couch where
he had slept, but there was present no large woman with a new body. Her
art supplies




were gone, and Mallory heard not a sound arise from anywhere at hand.
He found a note on the couch that read thus: It was a pleasure meeting
you. Please see yourself out, and be sure to close the door behind you so
that it locks.



The letter was unsigned. “Hello.”



No answer. “HELLO!”



No answer returned.
“Hello, fat girl!? Yo! Faaaaat giiiiirrrrl!?”



Mallory recognized his solitude. There was not a sound in the penthouse,
so he decided he would tour the layout of the livingspace. He wandered to
the stage where he had seen the odd, yet sometimes good, performances
the night before. He took twenty minutes to read some of the titles of the
obviously well-used library, noting the many



interests of the Newcomer. After that, he made his way to the kitchen
where he observed food that lay packed inside two large refrigerators. He
heated some leftovers, ate them. There were many bottles of wine, some
with cork jutting up from within their necks like soldiers awaiting depletion of
their substance in the war against sobriety. He grasped one out of the
wooden bunk-net that embraced many bottles. He poured himself a glass
and drank it hastily. The taste was exquisite, unlike the wine-chime
Bacchanalian conglomeration he had been compelled to imbibe the night
before. He discovered that he enjoyed red wine, and when he once again
felt the slow, easing comfort of alcoholic affect, “That is a French vintage”
came from beside him.



Brazil’s comrade stood beside him. Apparently unaffected by his drinking
bout, he was fresh and pristine. His chin was clean-shaven and his long
hair was tied back tight, but his mane still covered his ears. He stood
elevated and fiercely beautiful. There was another peculiar thing about this
strange man. Mallory was unable to determine what it was at first, but he
realized after a moment that the Newcomer smiled at him, a fleeting but
natural grace. The moment appeared peculiar on his face, one of
recognition and acknowledgment. The Newcomer




poured himself a glass of wine, sipped. “Did you enjoy yourself last night?”
Mallory nodded.
“Thanks for the hospitality.”



The Newcomer seemed to laugh quietly to himself. Mallory ignored his grin,
though it irked him.



“You are a man of good taste, I’d say.”



Mallory had no idea what was meant, and so the Newcomer, having
noticed, pointed to Mallory’s glass.



“Oh, yeah, yeah. You too.” “Really? What do you mean?”



“I hear that you have an interest in automobiles.” “Oh, well, yes I have an
interest in one automobile...”



“...Talbot-Lago.” Mallory nodded his head as he chatted, as he ate. He drew
in a large gulp of wine, which
 amused the Newcomer.



Mallory then noticed something that he had suspected was impossible. The
eyes of the Newcomer changed briefly. A foreign crease and a turning of
his expression upward occurred and the order of things seemed to change.
His face beamed a bright, balmy day upon the pitch of the poisoned city. A
moment of green sprouted organic upon the desolate, melancholy Other.
Mallory recognized the moment, and he lit up bright himself.
“Yeah, I’d love to see one again.” “Again?”




“My father worked for a guy who owned one once a long time ago. Let me
poke around with it once or twice.”



“I own one myself. You might enjoy seeing it.” “I’d like that.”



The two men chatted about the car that interested them. Actually, Mallory
knew little about Lagos, but he had learned enough from his father to
interest his new friend. The Newcomer showed him a piece of one of the
autos that he had purchased recently from a “little creature” in Florida. The
Newcomer narrated the story about the excursin, and Mallory genuinely
laughed at the correct moments. Their chat made livelier the flash of life
upon the stony face of the Newcomer.



“Becchia redesigned an existing model. He made hemi spherical
combustion chambers and overhead valves that operate from a single
valve that itself operated from a single camshaft with pushrods and rocket
arms,” Mallory explained.



“You ought to see the car.” “Beautiful sedans.”
“It’s a coupe.”



The two men continued their chat about the Talbot-Lago for a long while,
the Newcomer showing Mallory photos of his auto and explaining how he
intended to restore it. Great attention to detail was in order. The Newcomer
wanted only authentic parts and colors. It was to be a complete restoration,
and Mallory decided the project would be a union of the two men. At about
the time Mallory was to depart, one of the nearby doors to the penthouse
hallway opened. Out stepped a large, orange-clad woman whose body was
new. She was wide awake, having claimed that she had been sleeping. A
bit concerned when he departed, Mallory wondered if she had heard him
call out to her. Later the same week on a Thursday afternoon, Mallory
received a phone call from the Newcomer. Mallory was at work, busy
laboring over a minor project.




“Come visit the Talbot-Lago.” “Alright. When?”



“Now.”
 “I’m at work.”



There was silence on the other end of the phone, and that lack of contact
spoke clearly to Mallory.



“Where do we meet?” “I’ll send someone.”
The Newcomer ended abruptly the conversation there. Mallory phoned his
superior, and he told him that he needed to go home because of an
emergency.



“My mother’s in the hospital.”



Mallory had never left work before, and so there was no suspicion.
Preoccupied with the upcoming excursion, he gathered up his tools, and he
did not think about how his new friend was aware of his location until he sat
in front of an eyeglass factory outside the building where he was working,
waiting for the “Budget Citybus” cab to arrive. A yellow cab arrived, and
Mallory was unaware of its destination, but the driver was prepared.



“Don’t worry,” said the balding cabbie. “I do regular for him.”



Mallory sat back and relaxed. He now wondered at how odd it was that his
whereabouts were known, and it disturbed him a bit, but he let the concern
sink within his mind. The cabbie took him to the downtown Chicago area
where there were several buildings specifically built for storage. Mallory
walked up a wide cement incline, complete with a loading dock. The
building was dusty and Mallory had no idea where he was to go. He waited
a moment, and an enormous freight elevator screamed its way down to the
first floor where Mallory stood. The Newcomer emerged from the elevator,
wearing a black and tan suit. He shook Mallory’s hand, unusual, and the
two men chatted while the elevator again
screamed service. They emerged on the third floor. “I make use of this
floor.”



There were tools sufficient for every kind of work on practically any
automobile here. The Lago was raised upon a typical platform with two of
its wheels positioned flat on the floor, a coupe two-door black in color.
Mallory looked over the belly of the auto.



“Not bad shape, considering.”



“I found it in Germany. Its home was a shed, complete with a dog housed in
the chassis.”



“You do the work yourself?” “I watch.”



“Who repairs it?” “You.”



Mallory was surprised by the implied offer; he was unable to refrain from
feeling grateful. He had hoped for something different, but he was able to
relieve himself of the tiresome labor that plagued him, and he would be
able to talk regularly with the Newcomer, which might lead to other
connections or opportunities. His new friend offered to pay him more than
what he presently earned, and Mallory would have a budget from which to
purchase parts, tools and supplies. Most of the implements he needed
were already there. He was out of practice, but Mallory supposed that he
would be unsupervised. He began work on the Talbot-Lago immediately,
possessing access to computer technology that diagnosed certain
problems, but the Talbot-Lago was a vintage car, and it was necessary that
Mallory research the automobile. He received instructions from the
Newcomer that he ought to complete the mechanical work first, and then
he would be informed of the particular interior design and color.



Thus their bond grows, present for neither.




YELLOW JOY TO COME

Amity hurried past her husband, carrying a large, clear bowl filled with cut
vegetables. Guests were due to arrive any minute, and Mallory had not
brought the Blackmark’s liquor he had promised. He had been absent from
his ordinary haunt for a lengthy period, and his associates, what might be
called friends, were concerned. Amity knew that he was on the hunt for that
useless pseudo- aristocrat, but she never believed that he would find him.
When Mallory found him, Amity was troubled about what might transpire.
She had been a friend of Mallory’s since Mallory arrived in the city, seemed
a lifetime. Mallory was a decent man who had taken many body-blows in
his life, she thought. He deserved to find some happiness, at least to
become relatively content for a time, but Amity suspected that such elusive
gains may never come to pass for her bar- time associate. Mallory had
been a unusual man who managed to charm not only Amity, but her
husband Gruntle, which was no mean feat. Perhaps this special ability was
his personality, which was similar to Gruntle’s. She was happily married, or
there were content moments in her marriage while she may have been
happier elsewhere, and Mallory had never encroached upon their
contentment. He appeared to recognize limits, the limits of their friendship
and the limits he was able to set for himself, but now Amity began to
concern herself that Mallory may have broken his limitations with another.
The Newcomer was an odd but apparently influential man, powerful in
many senses. All of these thoughts ran through Amity’s mind in a mere
moment.



“Where is he anyway?”



The meal was tasty and filling, moreso because of the company. Amity and
Gruntle enjoyed the company of their friends, except when Gruntle became
irritated. Amity was always annoyed that he had so little tolerance for
others.



“Why can’t you just relax, and let them be,” she thought to herself regularly.
Her guests ate, and Gruntle played his guitar, which annoyed Amity
because he




was unable to complete any one song, neither remembering all the words,
nor completing the melody. And sometimes he would deliberately cease
playing his guitar when a guest remembered the words to the song. She
was unable to understand why he did such things, but Mallory would
always listen to her rants about her husband, her frustration and anger
would settle just enough to calm her once again, and then almost precisely
the same cycle repeated itself.



“Where is he?”



Amity’s guests took their fill of feast, and they retired to the back porch of
her condominium, which was ample for intimate gatherings. Already the
eighth hour of their night had passed, the meal was eaten, and Mallory had
not yet arrived. Jay and “Punk-boy” asked for their usual drink, which
happened to require scotch.



“You’ll have to settle for beer,” Amity explained.



The guests were upset that the real reason for their presence--at her home
and in the world--was not at hand, but Amity made the most of the
situation.



“Blame Mallory. He’s supposed to buy the scotch.”



An hour and a bit passed while Amity’s guests grumbled about the
possibility of having to run for alcohol, never mind that the expenditure of
money and physical movement was negligible; no-one was willing to
purchase the alcohol. Just then, a tired, but relaxed, Mallory at length
arrived scotch in hand.



“Sorry I’m late,” he explained. “Where in hell have you been?”
“I was working late.” “Give me the damn scotch.”



Having snatched the bottle from Mallory’s hand, Amity quickly opened it
and poured four drinks in her usual quick manner.



“Working? On what? You don’t work at night.”




“I do now.” "Yeah?”



“I took a job as a private mechanic.” “A what?”



“A private mechanic. This guy wants me to restore his Talbot-Lago.”



“Talbot-what?”
 “It’s a vintage car that he wants to restore.”



Amity let out a laugh, and then she shook her head. “You don’t know
anything about cars.”



“I worked on cars with my old man.” “You?” She laughed again.
“You carried wrenches, shined flashlights and held the metal bowl to catch
oil. You hated it, you said so yourself.”



“I didn’t hate it.”
 Amity ceased fixing the last drink, and stared at him hard.



“Alright, but you don’t know anything about cars,” she said, all the while
shaking her head with a smile.



“I do.”



“Gruntle is a mechanic. He knows cars. Hell, I know more about cars than
you do.”




Mallory disliked Amity’s tone, so he said few words to her for the remainder
of the evening. He was unusually uninterested in the conversation taking
place that night as well. Though some of his compatriots attempted to bring
him into the conversation, he limited his interactions with them. Mallory was
not even interested in his favorite drink, or any banter with “Punk-boy” who
noticed that Mallory was off-center. Amity thought he appeared to be
distant, but since he was relaxed and apparently content, she decided she
was happy for him. During the next few months, Mallory associated less
and less with his bar-time friends. His new employer, the Newcomer,
chatted with him at least twice per week about the progress of the
Talbot-Lago. The restoration proceeded slowly, since Mallory was not yet
skilled enough to proceed. He consulted the ordinary sources of
information about the Talbot-Lago, but he required a basic understanding of
its kind of design. Amity’s husband Gruntle was of some assistance in the
matter, but Mallory limited his questions, having detected in him a bit of
resistance to sharing information about the auto, and he wanted to share
his association with the Newcomer with as few persons as possible. When
the Newcomer visited Mallory at the storage-unit, the two men chatted
about a number of topics, growing ever more personal. Mallory had been
able to glean some information about the man’s life, which appeared to
have been chaotic. Mostly, the two men complained about women, or
talked about the procurement of a specific part. Mallory noted what he was
able about the car, and he shared everything with the Newcomer, qualifying
the information.



“That’s the reader’s digest version.”



Mallory was fortunate that he possessed some understanding of the
particular engine in this 1938 model. It had been the only authentic
information and skill he had appropriated from his association with his
father. As the two men became more familiar with one another, Mallory felt
the steal of comfort slow upon him yellowmanner with the result that he
possessed the confidence to ask more probing questions. As the
Newcomer watched him remove a part of the Talbot,



“What do you do for a living?” Mallory asked. “I am involved in a little of this
and a lot of that.”



“You don’t have to tell me, if you don’t want.”
“I have no qualms about sharing information, but information about my
business interests is sensitive. You might say that they are
all-encompassing.”



“So, what? Real estate? Computer technology? Natural resources? Arms
dealing?”



The final category Mallory added as a joke. “Yes.”



Mallory ceased twisting his ratchet, and he came from under the car in
order to see the face of the Newcomer who was lifting a glass of
Blackmark’s own to his mouth, the expression on his face serious.



“I see,” claimed Mallory though he understood not much.



Mallory continued to labor over the removal of a particularly rusted nut, and
the conversation continued with the Newcomer asking him about his family,
friends, his place of origin. Mallory explained his origins in Pennsylvania
and his subsequent relocation to Chicago where his fiancé abandoned him.



“I have been drifting off in a way.” “You mean you have lost direction?”
“I guess so.”
 “Perhaps you are not the person I at first believed you to be.”



“What do you mean?”
 Mallory listened from under the auto.



“I have met a peculiar person two times now in my life. He, she...it
continues to elude me who or what this person is, where I am able to find
them.”



“I don’t understand.”




“I understand little myself.”
 Mallory thought for a moment, unsure of his next words.



“I don’t understand."



Mallory did not know what to say at this point, but he did not want to leave
the topic where it stood.



“I’ll ask only one more question, then leave you be.” “Yes?”
“What is the name of your company?” “Corporation.”



“Corporation then.” Mallory rolled his eyes, annoyed beneath the car where
the Newcomer was unable to detect their exasperation.



“The name of my conglomerate is Ousia Inc.” Thus their bond.




YELLOW JOY AND A WISP OF
SPITEFUL VERMILLION

The ballroom was imposing. Illumination stunned perception with vigilant
flicker, driving away the livid acquaintance darkness and mating intimacy
with her here and there where velvet sight makes pleasant blending.
Several thick- stacked wicks drove capillary the oilrich lamps that adorned
the wood-paneled walls around an immense hall. The elegant, redwood
tables surrounded a wide orchestra. The hall was natural-lit thus, and a
massive fan gently melted the heat from the room, at once kissing light the
frames of the participants who were well-pleased themselves for attending.
The chandeliers that hung low enough to tap slightly the heads of the
guests were themselves alight with vigilant confreres and associates. The
habitués were smaller in number than the newcomers who appeared out of
place. The most important and influential employees of Ousia Inc. had
been compelled to attend not so much by force as by self-imposed
obligation. Attendance was status and kudos made manifest for those who
recognized the opportunity present. Most were taken aback by the
magnitude of the gathering, and the quiet, subdued atmosphere made sight
pleasant. Gowned and finely dressed, different kinds of homotheria
mingled. Brazil perceived the presence of cultural residue.



“More dregs of society,” Brazil scoffed to the Newcomer.



There were, in fact, many classes in representation that night. All had had
some contact with the Newcomer, and most suffered discomfort. They were
bar- tenders, computer technicians and mechanics and professional
alcoholics mixed with lawyers, local politicians and academics. The larger
portion of guests were the poorer class who depended in one way or
another upon the movement of material that remained in the hands of the
Newcomer who himself hardly directed their economic vigor. A large,
tawny-clad Leon Ochrowskovich meandered about the immense room,
halting at every table within sight in order to gain access to so many
persons. He was




accompanied by his long-time fiancé Katherine and their friends Felina and
her husband Caleb, though his intimates remained at the table while Leon
wandered. Almost all the employees from Corputech attended the event.
The Brigade brought his wife Salma, and Hal Joysticker arrived alone, but
quickly found himself a seat near Leon
around whom all of Corpu-tech gathered. Brazil was seated close to the
Newcomer who wandered back and forth, greeting many with a
warm-comfort palm in his vise-like grip. A great many of the tavern
attendees arrived informally dressed, but the host had been prepared.
 When a guest arrived without the proper attire, they were asked to change
into waiting suits or gowns. Thus, all the guests from every social and
economic class were given a similar opportunity to engage one another, be
engaged, or at least they were adorned similarly.



“I am proud to be at this splendid event, yes, marvelous I say.” Leon
greeted his host.



“Good afternoon, Leon. How are you?”



“I wish to express my greatest thanks, oh sir, the principal thanks to you. I
have not been to such an event in my life.” The fulvous mass of tawny
gregariousness made graceful his approach.



The Newcomer had wanted the gathering to be formal, and thus the
provided dress, but he also offered his guests, whom he would enjoy calling
his friends of a kind, a brief lesson in dance: the Mazurka.



“I don’t believe I have had the pleasure of formal introduction.” Leon bowed
slightly before Brazil.



“Brazil.” She extended her mock-giggling hand, which Leon shook.
“I am Leon,” he said to Amity and Gruntle who accompanied Mallory.



“Amity.” Amity smiled more at Leon’s joy-filled appearance than because of
his friendliness.




Leon grinned, he swayed back and forth once, and then he darted to
another part of the head table. Madly driven sociable, he came to rest near
a man of obvious confidence, balding and wellgroomed. His spectacles
completed a serious aesthetic.



“Have we been introduced?” Leon asked.



“Ülrich. Ülrich Geldsbaum,” he returned, nodding his head and looking
towards other affairs.



The Newcomer was occupied for most of the first hour greeting his guests.
He recalled the names of each as they entered, and he gave good temper
to them as much as he was able. The guests were seated neither by social
rank nor association with the host, but by preference given of chance, a
random mixture of present and contingent classes and educations --
individuals who ordinarily would not associate with one another, which
perhaps might cause conflict, but the event had been meticulously planned
in its randomness. Mallory and Amity sat at the table with the Newcomer
and Brazil, the woman with a new body seated beside her caretaker. Brazil
was ordinarily disdainful of events such as these; she stood bored. Amity
stood beside her, and though the two had little in common, they conversed
about things feminine, and began an animated, intimate conversation that
no male wanted to hear. Leon continued to glide about in



his yellow-bronze gregariousness, sharing his pleasure with each person
upon which he came.



“I am happy, glad indeed, to meet you. I am the one named Leon.”



Leon extended his hand and Mallory frowned slightly. He had not been able
to talk in depth with the Newcomer since he arrived, and he knew no other
guests besides Amity and Gruntle. He was dressed in a suit that while
fitting comfortably, gave no comfort to him. Mallory fidgeted with his keys
while he drained mint juleps one after another. His tolerance for alcohol had
grown lately; still he was as yet unable to equal the intake-level of his new
friend. The two had, it seemed to Mallory, become inseparable, which
delighted him no end. Leon’s golden dementia stood before Mallory who
extended his hand to shake distractedly mechanically, while he gazed at
one of the females who graced past.



“A healthy girl, yes? Well, we all want them, don’t we?” Leon noted.




Mallory continued to observe the glorious, elegant female.
“Yes, they are the bane and the balm of our lives, indeed, ...yet more
hopefully balm than bane, yes?”



Leon let out a bright-smiling laugh. Mallory watched, again unable to chat
with Leon. If he had been honest, he would have been forced to admit that
he knew almost nothing about how to comport himself here, and the giant
blond jovialist was not making matters better.



“Most of them are a pain in the ass.”



Again, Leon let out a glad-laugh followed by a quick-slap on Mallory’s back.
He grinned and one was able to observe in his sentiment a genuine
contentment and authentic social joy.



“So true, my friend. So true, but where would we be? Yes, where would we
be?” Leon returned.



Mallory was uncertain what precisely Leon meant, but he knew one thing
certainly: he was annoyed. He again observed the crowd. He noted the
ostensibly wealthy attendees, observing that some of them appeared vexed
at others.



“I believe you are a friend of my boss.” Leon interrupted Mallory’s
distraction.



“Oh, a, I am a friend of his, yeah. We work on cars together.”
“He has an interest in automobiles, does he? That is a fine thing, a fine
thing true,” Leon continued.



Pulling up a chair, Leon sat now next to the uninterested Mallory. He set his
orange juice down near Mallory’s plate, and nodded another smile to the
nearby Amity and Brazil who were occupied with whispering things.



“What sort of automobiles interest you? I am not so much an enthusiast,
but I have great admiration for technology and for talented mechanics. I am
a mechanic of sorts myself, I’d like to say.”




The nearby Brazil giggled with Amity. Mallory frowned and again sought out
someone in the crowd.



“We work on a Talbot-Lago," he said. Leon lifted a brow over the word “we.”



“How long have you been laboring on your fine auto? It takes time, it does
take time for these things to come out right,...oh how correct that is. I know,
my friend. I may not be mechanically inclined like you, but I know these
things take time and I can see by your face that you are a man of skill and
precision, like I wish to be, though I am a bit of a theoretician, one might
say.”
“Oh Mallory isn’t mechanically inclined,” Amity interjected.



Mallory glared at his friend, and Brazil seemed interested at last in Mallory.



“Why sure he is. Can’t you see, it’s on his face. In the eyes. One can see it
in the eyes, a specific intensity,” Leon returned, defending his new
acquaintance.



Mallory continued his glare at Amity.
 “Well, how long have you been laboring over your Talbot?” Mallory was
relieved at Leon’s unexpected support.



“For a few months now. I don’t know. I don’t count the days.”



“How has the work come along?”



“The car ought to be up and running in a few months, I suppose.”



“How marvelous, how absolutely marvelous, my friend. So soon! It is a
testament to your skills and your expertise, I know it, I just know it. I
assume you have restored it faithfully, yes? I know that enthusiasts take
authenticity
seriously, serious authenticity indeed.”



Leon grasped a nearby wine bottle by its neck, certain to
 take an open bottle. One does not drink un-aired wine, no indeed. He
sampled the wine with a sniff and a taste of its blood-red richness.



“Oh my,” he thought as he glanced at the bottle, its brand and year. “Fine
drink.”



Again unable to resist the insistent meandering urge, Leon poured a glass
for each of the resident guests. He was certain to pour the correct--the
moderate and respectable--amount for each, each drinking no more than
others, of course, of course. He nodded to every guest as he poured their
glass, sometimes motioning- -the guest uncomprehending--that they pass
an empty one to him. Once all had seen his hand and witnessed his
fair-haired joy, Leon stood before the table. All but the Newcomer were in
their appointed seats.



“I propose a toast, yes, a toast. To our companion Mallory whose
craftsmanship and mechanical skill have brought him to high places. It is
not simply anyone who has privilege enough to labor over vintage
automobiles and to associate with superb company.”



Mallory said nothing. He deliberately refused to turn his gaze to Amity who
was by then snickering. He thought that Leon was a fool who belonged
nowhere near anyone who possesses sense. Now he had dragged Mallory
into his fatuity, and Mallory perceived no clear exit. Most of the guests lifted
glasses, uncomprehending the reason. A few who had not heard Leon
hesitated, but picked up glasses after a moment. They waited only for
Mallory to follow suit.



“Mallory, come now. Drink with friends. We are, after all, yes all of us are
glad to witness success. We enjoy seeing another perform, why, do what it
is that he does best.”



"Yes, yes, let us all drink to Mallory’s mechanical skills,” Amity added with a
wry smile.



Mallory turned his eyes towards Amity again, perceiving a grin almost
bursting into laughter at him in his predicament. He noticed that Brazil was,
alongside Amity, stuffed with amusement. Mallory possessed no words to
extract himself from such situations. Incensed, instead of speaking to the
crowd, he turned away




from them as they glanced at one another, awaiting his approval.
 “Come, my friend. Let’s celebrate you.”
 “Yes?” Leon addressed the waiting guests who nodded amused approval.



Mallory grasped his glass, arose and as he turned his gaze to the floor, he
raised his glass, and at his cheerlessness all sipped the one tense moment
that made merry their acquaintance. Amity and Brazil giggled, while Leon
wound his arm round Mallory, chuckling all the while. The tawny gregarious
giant shook Mallory with his laugh, and in spite of himself Mallory was
unable to suppress a grin at first, then a laugh.



“How stupid,” he thought as he made light.



Though Leon had established contact with much of the present company,
he did not pause. He continued to meander about from table to table, while
he glad- handed guests, treated them with dignity they thought deserved,
and in general praised even the slights and faults of all present. Felina
watched in amazement that a man was able to greet and attract so many
others who had never before seen or wanted to be near him, an astounding
xanthic juggernaut of extroversion. Through the night, he continued to
stamp his conviviality unceasingly upon others, and when they rejected
him, or more often, when they laughed at his antics, Leon simply endured,
as if a pure will possessed him, tawny and everlasting. His continued
presence coupled with his laugh, and that appeal arisen from his silly
nature, always prevailed. Leon spread a blond and brazening thread back
and forth, place woven to place in the immense hall where others gathered
in order to please themselves and impress others. Leon, the weaver of fine
thread about the dance-floor and tables, tying the groups together without
their knowledge or will, made joy manifest joy, and while they chuckled at
his nature, they became more social, further welcoming each towards
each. Nevertheless, Leon was little content with merely joyful-making the
heterogeneous crowd. Having attracted their attention with treats of various
kinds and amounts, he patted the xolo-dogs, and stirred tail-wagging
pleased- eyes from each with a tap on their sides and a stroke for each rib.
In fact, the dogs naturally gravitated towards Leon, and more than twice the
Newcomer was compelled to find them who had sought out the xanthin
colossus in order to receive more the due kind attention. Yellow completed
the moment as well when Leon--still unsatisfied--talked to security guards
and servants, bringing guards
food and servers potables that they were not permitted to imbibe. “A
splendid feast you’ve given us, yes, delicious peace of mind.”



He cornered two of the security guards while he related to them an earlier
part of his life when he performed the same function.



“I was proud to impose, yes impose I say, the kind of peace of mind and
security upon fine persons who possessed interesting lives, more of
interest than mine, and they were fond of me to no end, indeed. Indeed.”



Servants and security alike first glanced at one another, then laughed and
ultimately spread light stultifyingly, and when the moment arrived that told
the Newcomer the dance was come, the tawny joy spread about the hall
made gather the guests in pleasant moment. All attempted the dance from
obligation, and some grew pleased that they had attended, glad more the
ones that had encountered the tawny giant. During the time of the Mazurka,
if only once during that night, the crowd brought a gathering, present to
itself. The guests had learned their steps proper, but what made light and
gratifying the step was the elegant lift and simple, light down of the music.
Rapid now, and slow then, what middle become the quick present and the
impending notes pulled forward the legs and the hands whose arms moved
slight back and around the orchestra. At once heavy and imposing dread,
Chopin--sad then mirthful--moved present bodies. The black and white of
the attire and the elegant sequins moved through the tawny weave of
pleasant camaraderie made possible by the brazen giant, and Leon was
unable to resist the urge to visit the Newcomer’s table repeatedly. He
needed no excuse to do so, not the love-present giant. Greater
gregariousness requires no excuse for spreading its joy, and Leon simply
invited himself, sat beside his new companion Mallory.



“Greetings. May I sit? I realize that I am a bit out of place, yes, simply a bit,
but I must say, and I’ll be honest with you here, completely honest. I am
unable to resist the friendly charm, and sociability of the head table. I feel
an authenticity that, pardon my saying, is lacking elsewhere.”



Mallory waited for a reaction, hoping that others, just as Mallory himself,
would refuse to move their chairs. Let him go off somewhere else.



“By all means, join us,” responded Brazil and Amity smiled as she winked
at




Mallory. The Newcomer appeared confused as Brazil invited Leon.



“There is a seat beside Mallory. Pull up, yes, pull up, a seat. Mallory will fill
your glass. After all, we’re all friends here, yes friends,” she continued.



Mallory arose in ire, but he was unable to muster the will needed to refuse.
He recognized his vulnerability, and his was less than yellow joy at the
moment. He moved his chair slightly to his left, assisted Leon drawing his
to the table. He smiled strained pretense as Leon sat down with a broad
grin on his over-joyous face. He straightened his black jacket atop his
bronze shirt and rust-colored pants, not believing that anyone noticed his
refusal to wear the common attire.



“Miss Brazil,” Leon began.
 “Yes, mister Leon,” Brazil returned.



“Am I to understand that you are an artist?” “I am indeed, dear sir.”



“May I enquire what kind of art you create?” Brazil was about to answer...



“A fine thing to be an artist.” Leon met the eyes of all who would return the
sentiment. “I have a cousin whose ability to draw human figures is so well
developed that the images appear lifelike, yes, as if they would jump out at
you!”



Leon moved his hands forward as if to simulate a figure
jumping out of a sketch. All those listening laughed.
.
“He spends all of this time with pens and pencils, ink-pens and markers.
Colored markers even.”



Leon ceased speaking for a moment. He glanced at Brazil, as if expecting
her to continue where she left off. The Newcomer playfully nudged an
annoyed Brazil who glared at him.
“Brazil, please tell everyone a bit about your sculptures,” insisted the
Newcomer. Brazil opened her mouth to speak.



“Yes, I am so curious about artists, how they survive and all. It was, at one
time, that artists needed patrons. Few were able to survive without the
financial support of the upper classes. Now it is quite different, I believe,
and constantly changing. But, Brazil, who has the mien of a genuine
creator, might tell us. I would be honored to learn from one so obviously, so
profoundly I might say, an artist,” Leon added.



Again Brazil intended to speak.
“Because you do impress me as someone with a deep aesthetic sense.”



Leon used his two fingers to point towards his eyes as he turned them
towards each guest.



“I'm curious myself,” interjected Mallory. “You seem to be busy most of the
time, but I've never seen anything you've done.”



“You would see some of my work if you attended one of my shows. My
work is sculpture, which captures a piece of motion. The characters are
archetypal.”



“You mean, of course, that they are representations of universal values.”
“I do mean that, Leon, but the medium is bronze, which I fashion roughly,
so that the texture of the work takes on a wild appearance and an artist is
never able to capture all of a universal.”



“It is the feral tone of her work that marks it out.” The Newcomer nodded to
Brazil a confirmation for which she was regularly desperate. Brazil nodded,
sipped her wine.



“So, the idea behind the rough fashioning?” “Outlines of cultured beasts.”




And her Newcomer grinned.
“Like characters in literature,” she added.



“I propose another toast to Brazil and her work. It shall be a joy to witness,
when I am able. Such things, cultured things, interest me greatly. They
bring out the best in us.”



“They do indeed,” returned the Newcomer.



Mallory managed to force an unnatural smile upon his face, and everyone
drank once again to another, at Leon’s behest. And again, though they
thought the matter fatuous, they laughed more at Leon than because of his
friendliness, but that mattered little, since they were there together joy for
them. When all had drank, there imposed upon them a silence that Leon
was unable to endure. Again, he intended to speak to his captive audience,
but the Newcomer spoke first.



“A few of you may be interested in a fact that I heard not long ago,” he said.
“You recall the Dead-sea scripts?”



Most at the table knew.



“Well, there was a boy who, while playing in around the same area, found
more writings.”



This topic peaked the interest of Leon; Brazil smiled. “Yes, they found what
appears to be a lost gospel.”



“Really?” Leon trembled with interest.



“Scholars have only begun to analyze it, but it seems to have in it an
eyewitness, or the orally transmitted eyewitness account of Christ’s
crucifixion.”



“Oh my!” Leon moved his ample frame back and forth, adjusting his jacket
and flattening his palms on the table before him. He turned to the guest on
his
left and then the guest on his right, his eyes wide.



“Yes, apparently it claims that Christ did not perish on the cross, that the
Romans left him for dead on the ground around the execution site as was
the custom, and he was carried away by terrified women.”



“This is enormous! What will it mean for Christendom I am unable to
imagine.”



Leon took his head in his hands, and he glanced around the table from
guest to guest once more. “You know this means our world will change.
Nothing will be the same. What more does it say? Who is the author?”, he
asked.



“I know no more about the content, but I do know the name of the author of
this good news.”



“Yes, yes. Don’t leave us in suspense,” Leon interjected, relieving the
Newcomer of the opportunity to release them.



The Newcomer turned to Brazil who herself turned her face away from him.
And, in a calm and quite serious manner...
“It is the Gospel of Freddie, or, rather, the gospel according to Freddie,”
said the Newcomer.



The group at first reacted little to the Newcomer’s remark, and Amity and
her husband exchanged perplexed glances. Leon paused, amazingly
ceased speaking for the moment, and Brazil first observed the blank
expression on Amity’s face, then burst out laughing uncontrollably. Her
Newcomer was unable to suppress a grin, and then cackle once or twice.
Leon did not remain silent...



“Oh, yes, humor is refreshing for the soul, my friend.” He let out a hearty,
but forced, chuckle.



“Everyone enjoys some ribbing now and then, and if we are unable to make
light of serious matters, then what do we have?”




No-one said a word.



“Yes, what do we have if we take it all so seriously? I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you
true. We have nothing and we might all go ‘round with grimaces and scowls
in our minds. Yes, humor is the handmaid of maturity.”
Leon grinned and again demonstrated his ability to force a believable
laugh. It was the only moment at that moment that he was unable to
entertain the entire company. Amity and her husband exhibited a frigid
silence set upon stoic faces. Mallory noticed the humor on the features of
his friend, and so he chuckled, without a second thought. Again Leon was
unable to maintain silence, though he found the subject-matter distressing,
distressing indeed. He cleared his throat audibly.



“Well...so...I understand that you have an interest in Talbots.” Leon
addressed the Newcomer.



“Talbot-Lago,” the Newcomer corrected still smiling.



“But we call it the ‘Lago,’” said Mallory, asserting his possession.



“Let me interrupt, Leon, for just one moment. I would like to propose a toast
myself,” said the Newcomer.



“By all means.”



All at the table raised glasses, though this time warily. The Newcomer
stood, and with a glass raised high, and a serious mien...



“Let’s toast the death of our mortal enemies whosoever they might be for
each of us. Let’s call upon what god or gods we are able to strike down our
foes, to lay low our adversaries and bring high our friends.”
Again, no-one reacted. Amity’s husband Gruntle almost excused himself;
Mallory was confused, but the Newcomer and Brazil both burst to laughter.
Mallory smiled and then joined them laughing.




“A little joke, a little joke, my friends. A Homeric joke, yes?” Leon was
visibly disdained but...



“Well, yes, the Lago is a fine automobile from what I hear,
 though I am no auto enthusiast. Still, I hear these good things from our
mechanical expert, Mallory here. I sense he does fine work, our Mallory.”



Mallory nodded slightly, yet he was careful to avoid the eyes of Amity who
had sat silently observing. Careful yet uncertain, he thought he was able to
trust his comrade enough that she would not again spoil the opportunity for
him. And, as he waited for a response from Amity...



“Oh he knows nothing about mechanics,” Brazil felt compelled to insert.



She turned to Amity, having pressed out half a vermillion giggle. Amity sat
pungent silent, inexpressive.



“Oh yes, he does indeed. See now, he proved it, and I witnessed his
expertise myself.”
“You did?”
 Leon’s eyes sought assistance from Mallory; none arrived. “He’s a paid
private mechanic, and well for it I say.”



“Oh he’s paid, but he knows nothing about mechanics, or cars. He reads
what little he can on the internet, and his father worked on Talbot-Lagos,
but he’s no expert.”



Brazil glanced at Amity who refused to return her eyes, recognizing the
hostile eyes of Mallory upon her. Instead, she leaned toward Gruntle,
whispered something into him, and the pair arose; off they went. Brazil
smiled malicious at the Newcomer who simply observed the intended
chaos. At Brazil’s revelation, the table sat once again silent. Leon
recognized in the Newcomer a bit of kindred spirit, since he had gathered
together such a disparate group of human creatures,




but he acknowledged also something else in the Newcomer. Still, Leon
thought well of him; he was talented obviously. The ravenhaired youth
appeared to know how to use his wealth to the greatest advantage, yet not
taking seriously, or too seriously, what he ought not. The silence loomed
over them, until
“It seems that the final Mazurka is about to begin. I propose that those who
enjoy the dance, and the agreeable company, benefit from the music while
it lasts and accept the humor,” the Newcomer suggested.



Having adjourned to the orchestra, the Newcomer with a young
auburn-haired beauty and perhaps one-hundred guests, stepped through
the woven yellow strands that remained of a joy-filled occasion. The
Newcomer brought out his canines and at the right moment, he retrieved a
whistle from his pocket and with treat in hand compelled the two
jade-collared Xolos to stand, hind-legged, and swirl about with front legs
extended, as if to dance with the others. Though they neither recognized
nor acknowledged it, they and their companions rested a cool evening
grace because a giant had woven for them soft ochre comfort, made
present companionship possible. The few vermillion barbs that arose and
some nihilistic humor were unable to tear, or rend, their bliss, and as nearly
all the guests made last the dance that occupied them, the tawny giant
seduced his remaining acquaintances, the jade-collared dogs-joyful-calm
who loved best their master, the Other by a turn with each of them. And the
crowd made pleasant their amity, suddenly and temporarily with no thought
of annoyance or aggravation for anyone. Still, more was to come, but for
now, thus their bond.




CATHARSIS FOR THE OTHER

“She’s an amazing bitch, isn’t she?” the Newcomer said.
The two had been working for most of a Tuesday evening on the Lago. The
Newcomer found an original engine in Germany, and he paid for its
shipment to his storage-building where Mallory feverishly scrambled to fill in
the lacunas of his understanding about the motor. Mainly, the block was in
good repair, but Mallory was forced to make use of parts from one engine
in order to fasten the other onto the carframe. The current motor ran
properly, well even, but the Newcomer insisted that his recent purchase,
strange that it was the same type of motor, be a part of the Lago’s
restoration. The two men, or more precisely Mallory alone with the
Newcomer watching, had been laboring over the automobile for five
months, searching here and there while researching the vehicle’s history.
Companions in the search for authenticity, they had taken more than a few
flights to various parts of the United States, and especially to Germany, in
order to appropriate suitable parts for an acceptable restoration. Usually
disinterested, Brazil attended one of their automotive excursions, but
Mallory suggested that she pursue her artistic interests. The Newcomer,
Mallory had correctly observed, had a habit of suggesting emphatically and
no-one wanted to object to his demands, especially when he was so
generous. Brazil gave no objection to remaining behind, relieved even.



Attuned now to these relationships, Mallory had discovered his new friend
was difficult to endure on a personal level, yet socially capable. In fact, the
Newcomer was quite capable at almost everything and Mallory noted that
the things the Newcomer knew only modestly were things that interested
him little. The Newcomer was an erudite fellow, with an element of hauteur,
yet he was possessed of an inexpressible, enduringly engaging character.
Mallory pondered that perhaps the risk of association with the Newcomer
was itself the embrace the Other continued on others, Brazil in particular.
Yet, he did not have the words to express these thoughts in his head, only
become them. The Newcomer was openhanded in a manner of speaking,
and yet he expected enormous returns
for his favor, as though he were investing in an inanimate, or merely
conceptual, object. Mallory guessed initially that his friend had always been
entrepreneurial until he realized that the Newcomer disliked business
affairs. In fact, to say that the Newcomer disliked business matters was a
mild assertion. He had an interest in almost everything else, possessed a
great deal of knowledge about history, and currently studied logic--though
Mallory thought that his new friend went through stages where he pursued
this and then now that. The Newcomer was fond of genuine inquiry. Thus,
just alongside his decadence existed the Newcomer’s element of charm
and amiability. One had to become accustomed to his manner.



“I’m not sure what you mean,” replied Mallory. “Brazil. She’s an amazing
bitch.”



Mallory was careful here.
“I suppose. I really don’t pay attention to her.”



“Oh, come one. She’s a corpulent witch. She tried to humiliate you at least
once, I recall.”



Smoking a cigarette, the Newcomer was sitting in an office-chair that had
long outlived its business service. The fumes annoyed Mallory. The
Newcomer dragged and then sipped scotch, dragged and sipped, sipped
and dragged. He was dressed well this afternoon, and his person bore
none of the stains of physical labor.
“I don’t remember anything like that,” Mallory returned.
 Mallory recalled precisely the moment when Brazil tried to make fool of
him.



“She wanted to embarrass you in front of my guests. She’s treacherous in
that way.”



“Well, yeah, I guess.”



“She almost succeeded as well.” The Newcomer leaned back his chair.




Mallory concentrated on his present mechanical difficulty, a rustfrozen nut.
“What do you mean?”



“I thought about firing you.”
 Mallory paused, and continued prying at the nut.



“But I recognized early that you had little formal train ing, only marginal
acquaintance with this car.”
Mallory turned to him and this once he thought quick. “Why employ me
then?”



“We had already made acquaintance. You learn quickly enough. You have
average mechanical aptitude.”



The Newcomer arose from his chair while he examined the underbelly of
the automobile, which had been raised by a mechanical lift.



“I was a bit lazy as well. I didn’t want to search again.”



Mallory disliked the frank manner with which his friend addressed him, but
his anxiety drove away the words needed to resist the Newcomer manner.



“So, you’re satisfied with the work?” “It’s adequate.”



“Glad to hear it.”



Mallory hoped that his sarcastic tone would produce some reaction, but, as
usual, his efforts failed.



“I wanted to ask you a question.” “Yes.”
“What compelled you to purchase orange monkey-suits?” “You don’t like
the color of your uniform?”



“No, its not that, but they’re very, very ugly.” A moment passed.



“You got them on the cheap,” Mallory said, interrupting before any response
emerged.



“No, I spent a fair amount of money. I had them made specifically.”



“So...”
 Mallory was apprehensive of the answer.



“I think the color matches you. You seem to me to be rather orange.”



Mallory had no idea what this statement meant.



“You are orange-anguish, a bit impoverished, certainly an unhappy fellow.”



The Newcomer put his hand on Mallory’s shoulder, let out a counterfeit
laugh, as if he were a mock-Leon.
“Some woman abandoned you, yes? And, you have been meandering
about a desolate part of the Chicago land scape ever since. Or maybe you
dropped out of school and didn’t want to leave Chicago. Maybe you wanted
to reacquaint with a former love.”



Mallory was perceptibly bewildered.
“All of that seems to be ‘orange’ to me.”




At last Mallory freed the rust-frozen metal. Glad at it, he carefully removed
the offender, remaining angry at the nut.



“And, of course, it matches your hair color.”



The Newcomer chuckled at his own statement, and Mallory wondered
angrily whether he ought to make-like a laugh as well, but he decided he
would laugh when he thought something humorous, and not otherwise. He
was inept at pretense, he concluded. He did despise the orange jump-suits,
and he was especially irritated that the Newcomer, with his raven
good-looks, pointed out the similarity of color between Mallory’s almost
non-existent hair and these ugly carnival costumes.



“How do you cope with balding?” the Newcomer asked playfully.
Mallory refused to answer the question, but rather he busied himself with
the new engine-block, it having dangled on an engine hoist until now. The
Newcomer, amused at the words given to Mallory, wanted to examine the
interior of the Lago. He recognized that Mallory refused to respond, so,
careful to refrain from scuffing his immaculate clothing, he busied himself
kicking tools and pieces of car-frame and cardboard out from under the car.
The Newcomer then pressed the button that lowered the Lago to the floor.
After a jerk, the auto gracefully descended, the restoration coming along
nicely, the Newcomer inspected the chassis. As he examined the auto, he
discontinued its descent twice in order to observe the car from different
angles. The lift on which the Lago stood jerked at each pause in descent,
and as it did on this occasion, the rear fender grazed the engine that
hovered beside Mallory who was inspecting it. The engine hoist gave way
for some reason and the heavy lump of metal fell whole- bound to the floor,
demanding some Mallory-flesh for its fall. The Newcomer felt at last the
affect of his drink, and, un-realizing...



“Gospel of Freddie!” he joked, thinking that Mallory had not been hurt badly.



Mallory did not respond, and when the Newcomer heard the silence, he
dashed toward the unfortunate.



“Mallory?”




“Mallory?”
“Oh, for Fuck’s sake!”



The Newcomer had always been uncomfortable in hospitals. He was bored
in the first place and the televisions and reading material there only made
him more uncomfortable, while trying to pacify him. He was unable to
concentrate enough to think about serious issues because of the weight of
the matter before him. He meandered about the place, amazed that anyone
might stay very long, eating highpriced and tasteless food offered. He
wanted badly to leave and he wished to get back to work on the Lago
immediately; the power of the scotch was wearing off and he required
another drink as well, but he thought it better not to leave the emergency
room. He sat near one of the televisions that blared at him and his thoughts
began to wander randomly, or so he thought. He recalled his roommate
from college and how he had been so ill at ease visiting Kasper there years
ago after he had been beaten. He recalled Kasper’s annoying antics, how
he had mugged delivery-boys and how Kasper had been an inconsiderate
slob, how he had done almost nothing but irritate the Newcomer, and,
surprisingly, he felt a bit of nostalgia for the dead fool.



“Stocky, thick intellect,” he thought. “Or was it thick, stocky intellect?”



Remembering, he laughed, and unexpectedly he felt a pang of sadness
drop itself lead-like behind his eyes and around his head. He attempted to
read the “Persons” magazine near his seat, but none of the entities there
interested him. He watched a moment or two of television, a vacuous man
and woman babbling to a vacuous audience. He was unable to keep
Kasper from his mind, though he beat the image to its outer limits. He
remembered another as well, but the very moment that he recalled the
name he brought himself back from his reverie sharply in order to tend to
the present matters. Mallory had been pinned beneath the pitilessly
oppressive weight of the engine, had lost consciousness a bit too quickly
for comfort. The Newcomer arrived at Ravencrest Median hospital
promptly, but he received little more information than that Mallory was alive.
The Newcomer sat attempting to read in the emergency wait-room once
more, but he remained unable to concentrate. He arose and paced the
length of the wait-room until some tender-souled fellow-pacer asked him if
he needed anything.




“No, no. Nothing at all. It’s nothing.”



He was unable to shake his dread mood. The Newcomer did not feel as if
he were on exceedingly familiar terms with Mallory, but then Mallory had
accompanied him on several excursions. The Newcomer trusted few others
whom he had met, and when he had at least made some bond with
another, he was gratified, though impenetrable. A continued image of
Kasper, his former roommate, plagued the Newcomer as he wandered
about the wait-room, and when he recognized his peculiarity, he
meandered about the hospital. Not recognizing where he was going, the
only time he came back to himself was when he was on the verge of
entering a restricted area of the hospital.



“Sir, pardon me sir. Sir! Who are you visiting?” they asked before they
directed him back where he came.



He meandered about in such a state for an unknown time until his
cell-phone bleeped.
“Are you contact for Mallory Harper?”



The haste that possessed him pressed him unrecognized, and the
Newcomer hurried back to the wait-room. When he returned, another wait
awaited him, this time not so lengthy. A balding man in a white coat with a
satisfied, but serious, expression greeted him.



“Mallory is stable. We examined him, but the results are not all back yet.
We are concerned that some organs might have been crushed, and we
don’t know the extent of the internal damage. From what we can tell, he will
recover. When we find anything, we will contact you. Are you family?”



“I am.”
 “Alright then...”
 The man reached out his hand, which the Other shook.
 “...he’s asleep right now, but you can see him if you like.”
 The Newcomer opted to visit his friend, though consciousness would
return to




the unfortunate on the following day. Mallory appeared the same as ever,
his head tilted to his right and his mouth open. He was expressionless, and
the IV in his arm pumped painkiller into his system. Mallory sound-asleep.
“Mallory?”



Mallory’s only response was a calm, light snore. The Newcomer observed
the recumbent form. Not knowing what to do, he sat beside his associate
and waited. The room smelled of rubbing alcohol and another unidentifiable
scent, not overly pleasant, and his inability to smoke grated at him. The
small window looked out onto a park where a racetrack permitted dogs to
exercise. Waiting for more time to wait, the Newcomer became especially
bored. The only abiding entertainment was television, which was
intolerable. He preferred to be engaged, if only to tease a companion or a
rival, to observe the city’s frivolities. Time spent with an enemy was
preferable to lifeless entertainment. The Newcomer hoped that Mallory had
been able to understand his humor and his manner, that Mallory
recognized him, but then again he did not want to be understood or
recognized. He recalled again his childhood when he had befriended Clara,
a being closer to him than any other. On this occasion, he was able to think
her name without immediately suppressing it. When she died, he had felt
almost nothing, and now at the risk of losing Mallory who meant far less....



The Newcomer looked at Mallory asleep and safely unresponsive, stared
away at the open hospital door and the empty bed beside him, an intimate
picture. The countenance of the Other darkened. Again, he made certain
Mallory was asleep.



“Have you heard the story of the man who confessed to his wife?”



Silence.
“I see you have not. A man once called his wife, his daughter and his
granddaughter to him. He there
 and then confessed his incest with the daughter, admitted his offense, and
expressed a desire to rectify what he had done. He explained to his wife
that he loved her and that he was unable to control himself. He was
ashamed before them. His daughter and grand- daughter wept and
embraced him, angrily began to




forgive him, and his wife said that she forgave him, that she was proud of
him, and proceeded to punish him with abuse and deprive him of all
possible joy for the remainder of his days.”



The Newcomer observed the large bandage that hugged the side of
Mallory’s body.



“At his deathbed, his wife explained to him that she did forgive him the
incest, felt little anger for him now, was proud of him for his confession and
for his efforts to heal his daughter and for his ability to refrain from an ugly
desire, which he had done successfully. He asked her why she punished
and tortured him so, if she for gave the offense and if all of what she said
was fact. His wife remained silent about his question for some time. After
moments that seemed like hours to the deservedly-punished man, she let
out a sigh, and she ex plained that she punished him for revealing the
truth.”



Snoring lightly, the bruised man gave no response.
“I don’t suppose that is a great revelation to you, Mallory.”



Again, the Newcomer was plagued by a craving for nicotine. He considered
lighting up in the hospital room, but the thought that Mallory’s doctor would
not permit him to return prevented it. He massaged his mouth with his hand
nervously, while he reminisced again about Kasper and Clara, smiled
without realizing he did so. He had not possessed many authentic friends in
his life and he had been taken to and removed from place to place by
distant authority figures, his grandmother being the most powerful and the
least present. He had no awareness of his father or his mother besides
what few anecdotes he had heard from his grandmother during the few
times he saw her. It was true, he had read some news articles about
Bella’s, his father, and his mother’s disappearance, but that was the only
contact he possessed, forlorn. He possessed social skills adequate enough
to abide the wave of well-wishers and grasping desperates who regularly
assaulted him, but he sought genuine friendship, or at least some satisfying
bond. These seemingly ordinary bonds were surprisingly




difficult to create or to discover. He found that they were much more difficult
to maintain as well. He had searched for one acquaintance again and
again, hadn’t seen them in years now. He had met this person twice now,
and under circumstances that were peculiar. He had been curious about
these encounters.
“I had been looking for him, or her, or whatever, when I met Mallory,” he
thought.



Mallory was not the person, or entity, he was seeking, or so the Newcomer
thought. He recalled again his life at Lumen Novum where he and Clara
had been close. He remembered play-acting, acting-out mythological
characters, all for the pleasure, and at the behest of, Clara who alone was
able to command him. He felt a discomfort about him welling up in his
viscera, an unaccustomed sensation. The thought of Clara, and of Lumen
Novum, brought with them other, distasteful memories, ones that had not
visited him in some time. These memories no friends to him, he was unable
to recall some of them clearly, as if they were buried deep and only the
sensation, the feeling, associated with them abided upon his conscious
mind. His present musings nauseated him.



“I’ve had other friends, you know,” he said defensively to the soporetic man.



The Newcomer abruptly fell silent. His young, vigorous life drove him
severe and he remained an unresponsive being. Now, another
objectionable memory seemed suddenly to edge viselike upon him. He
recalled how, when he was a mere boy, he had been beaten by a group of
preppy thugs. At the time, they had faulted him for ugly circumstances that
plagued Lumen Novum. They savaged him until he felt no longer, and since
he no longer had the support of his friend Clara, he decided upon a course
of action. He had determined who was the leader of the group: a young
man. One fine, beautiful spring morning before mass he had exacted his
own revenge upon the boy. Most of the children of Lumen Novum
suspected correctly who had left Robert with a concussion, taken some of
his teeth, but none were willing to say; all appeared to be afraid of that
same severity present even in the child. Still, the Newcomer thought, as he
sat beside Mallory, that Kessler was not his concern now. Some indistinct
sensation accompanied him, something besides the memory was present.
He did not know it. It was then that he heard a groan. The cry came from
another room. The Newcomer walked out to the hallway, looked about, but
while there were others’ noises, and indeed cries, that arose from other
patients, from visitors, he heard




nothing the likes of which he had heard inside Mallory’s room. Curious, and
more than slightly concerned, he quick-walked back to Mallory’s bed. He
observed his employee who returned only a mild snore as always, head
tilted to one side--mouth open still. The Newcomer sat down once more,
and his thoughts of Lumen Novum visited him, malicious fairies clad in
barbed wire. He returned to his first encounter with Paulina, his now
long-gone lover. She played soccer with her friends and teased him. He
returned to Edmund, his rival for Paulina’s attention. Interrupted again by
the groan, he was startled, but on this occasion a lament accosted him. He
felt as if he were about to weep. Angered, he again looked outside
Mallory’s bedroom, but there was no-one making that particular sound, as a
beast might make, lamenting the death of prey. Now, the Newcomer
believed that there was something amiss.



“Excuse me,” he addressed a nurse. “I heard several cries from an animal.”



The nurse, eye-cocked, looked back at him perplexed. She observed his
face for a moment.
“No animals here,” she returned. She stared at the Newcomer. “Are you
alright, sir?” she asked.



“Yes.”



The Newcomer returned again to Mallory’s bedside, and there he remained
for two more hours. The sound of the creature did not come.



“It could have been many things,” he thought.



It was later, during early evening, that the sound returned, this time more
appallingly severe than it had been, somehow unmistakably more intimate.
It manifested a distinct and familiar voice, not yet full-formed and distant,
but distinctly homotherion. The Newcomer was unable to discern precisely
what it said, the words emerging from apparent sobs. He recognized, he
did not realize how, that the voice emerging lamented an act long
accomplished. Feeling peculiar, the Newcomer thought he appeared not
himself, and he wondered at his




unusual sensation. He examined Mallory; observed nothing had changed.
He listened intently as the voice grew louder, and stronger. He was able to
determine that the voice addressed him directly, or perhaps it was simply
familiar. Mallory made not one sound, and the Newcomer was disturbed at
his lack of reaction. Surely Mallory heard it now, the words almost clear.
“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm,” he heard.



At once Kasper, his roommate from his undergraduate days leapt to mind,
but the Newcomer was unable to comprehend, as yet, why Kasper was
there with him at that moment.



“Kasper was a fool.”



Kasper was a mugger, and a clown. The Newcomer had been compelled to
tolerate his muggery of delivery-boys and his drinkingbouts, idiocy. He was
a lazy, moronic slob who lacked the maturity to communicate, especially
with women. Kasper was contemptible to the Newcomer since he learned
nothing from his mistakes, recognized the boundaries of no-one, except his
own. Again, the Newcomer heard the sound, like the voice of a howling
widow.



“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm” he heard coming to him.



Kasper was crass and his very name was foolishness. The Newcomer
paced the hospital room, careful not to awaken Mallory.



“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm” he heard louder.



The Newcomer sat, twisted in his seat. That little boy Kasper grasped
nothing of his own idiocy.
“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm” he heard once again.



The Newcomer was delighted at Kasper’s departure, the fool died a fool’s
death...



“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm” he heard repeated.
 And the amiable moron was better dead than alive. The Newcomer
massaged his




head with his hands. He needed a cigarette.
“Ahhehaahe Uhuurrruuut iiiiiHHHmm” he heard louder-coming to him.



The Newcomer again twisted in his seat. He arose and paced the hospital
room and reassured himself that the door was closed. His head hurt him
and he wanted to sleep for some reason. Again, he twisted down into his
seat, holding his head in his hands. He repeated this scene four or five
more times and in mid-pace about the room he stopped. Abruptly, his mind
was clearer than it had been. He felt the weight of himself drop down onto
him, and the world around him became more real, as if it had been illusory
prior to the present moment. He felt alive and in pain, a kind of exquisitely
invigorating suffering without which he did not wish to live again. And then
the Newcomer was able to hear the voice that had eluded him.
“I am he, Mallory,” he claimed. “I hurt him and I harmed others. He was a
fool, but not a bad person and...how is it I was capable? My friend Kasper,”
the Newcomer asked the soporetic man.



The Newcomer spent more hours beside his wounded employee. He wept,
repressed his weeping, and he acknowledged while he wondered, and his
rage emerged and after some short sleep on the fold-out couch made bed,
he emerged with his ordinary calm and his assured demeanor.



“Mallory? Mallory?”
 The silence returned gave our Newcomer craved comfort.



Thus their bond.




WILINESS CLAD IN GOLDEN
HABIT

Leon Ochrowskovich was able to find a proper tailor. He had searched for
some time, what seemed like an inordinate time indeed, for a fitting fitter,
but now his shirts and his jackets not only matched, no sir. Now they were
cut to the perfect proportion, an outer layer that moved with his massive
frame in precisely the same way that Leon did. The white clips of his shirt
remained outside of his jacket when he reached his hand out to hail a taxi,
and they remained visible when he seated himself in its backseat, replete
with an alarming scent. His aesthetic was just right.



“I must carry a portable seat cover from now on," thought Leon.



Leon commanded the driver to take him to work. He had been somewhat
lazy recently, having developed the expensive habit of taxi-taking to which
Leon felt entitled. He was important, after all. And Leon knew it, but he was
crafty enough to recognize that he ought not flaunt his worth.



“Surely, a friendly and amicable office-mate is better loved, more
well-needed, than an arrogant one,” he thought.



What was not immediately apparent about Leon was his particular
brilliance. He was perceived as a bit of an oaf, it is true, but as a computer
programmer, Leon was unparalleled. He and the Brigade had been working
on a project for a long while now, one that had potential, and Leon knew it.
He had followed the development of software programming since its
infancy, and Leon knew when the time had come for more radical changes.
Using an enhanced version of zip- filing, now vastly improved computer
storage and memory capability, he had developed the beginnings of an
operating system that was perpetually regenerative. On each occasion that
a computer started up, and Leon calculated that he would be able to install
this system on any computer properly
manufactured, the operating system would scan itself and it would be able
to detect minor changes. If any alterations to the start-up were detected,
the operating system had the ability and discretion to reinstall all or any part
of the operating system in order to delete effectively a given virus planted
therein. Such an operating system would inoculate virtually all computers,
eliminating many of the computer maladies that plague the virtual age, or
so he believed. Leon had kept the idea to himself at first, since he knew
Corpu-tech would claim possession of it once the business knew of its
existence, but Leon had run into some difficulties when he experimented.
He needed equipment to which he had access only at Corpu-tech. He
thought he was not devious in temperament, so Leon somewhat reluctantly
informed the Brigade of his project and the two of them had labored over it
for two years or so now. The two trusted one another and the Brigade had
found ways to mask Leon’s project along with its progress. Now the
Brigade and Leon had encountered another difficulty altogether. Once they
had completed work on the project, it needed testing and testing demanded
the manufacture of an entirely new kind of computer hardware, the
materials and labor of which were difficult to obtain quickly, unless they
found outside assistance. Leon ruminated over these issues as he sat in
his taxi, awaiting another wait at another light. He was scheduled to chat
with the Brigade today, but Leon greeted everyone as he usually did.



“Felina the Great.”
 And his longtime colleague smiled her return to him. “Hal the Joysticker.”
 Hal was little amused.



The morning moved quickly for Leon, as usual. And when the number two
arrived, Leon promptly carried his enormous form to the Brigade’s office,
knocked his ordinary rap.
“Leon...,” Charles whispered.



Cradling his office phone between his chin and shoulder, the Brigade
motioned to Leon to come in to the office.



“Yes...yes...of course...alright then. Alright, I will talk with you in two weeks,”




with a jovial voice.



The Brigade hung up his phone and his eyes wandered over the door. He
was certain that it was closed, but he ensured that the latch had fixed, then
locked the door. Leon sat nourishing a serious expression on his face, one
that rarely found itself planted there. The Brigade sat down again.



“So, where are we?” Leon squirmed a bit.



“It's almost finished, but I need that equipment.” “I’ve been thinking about
that,” said the Brigade.



“Yes?”
 “Do you know of Adder Dareios?”
“I do.”
 “I contacted him about a month ago.”



“You what?” “I contacted him.”



“Why didn’t you tell me?”
 “Now, wait, Leon. Don’t get worried.”



“Don’t get worried?”
 The Brigade paused a moment.



“I didn’t give him any details. I merely told him that we have a project that
might interest him.”



“Why not go to the new owner?”




“That guy? With the dogs and the artists and the weirdoes that follow him?
Him I don’t trust.”



“So, you trust Adder Dareios?”
 The Brigade here paused.
“No, not really, but I trust the new guy less, and where else do we have to
go?”



“I don’t know, Charles.”



Leon himself paused, and he adorned himself in the most serious of looks.
He stood up, and then he looked out of the Brigade’s office window.



“I do know that we need more resources than we now have. Even if we risk
spending the money on the equip ment ourselves and wait, we still need
financial back ing.”



The next week housed a lull in their conversations. The Brigade recognized
that their virus denial operating system was at a standstill. He had contact
with someone at Dareios Inc., but he needed to chat with the man himself.
He continued to lobby for some sort of meeting, but to no avail. Then, the
Brigade had an idea. He thought that he might set up an appointment with
Dareios and the Newcomer. If he were able to convince Dareios to meet in
person, he might make his case there before he departed, and afterward
he would inform Dareios that the Newcomer would never attend. The
Brigade sent an e-mail to the Adder’s secretary informing her of the
Newcomer’s wish to have a private meeting with Dareios, and he received
no response for a week. When the secretary did respond, she claimed that
Mr. Adder Dareios had a very tight schedule and that he was free in a few
weeks, that the Newcomer ought to come to Dareios. The Brigade was
caught here. He was unable to produce anyone who looked like the
Newcomer and who might enter the building or assist. He needed Dareios
to meet at a specific place. He sent a response to Dareios that his schedule
was equally busy. Was Dareios able to meet at Bistro 212? Video meeting
was unacceptable. They need only chat for a short time. Another few days
slipped by and Leon and the Brigade received their answer in the
affirmative. A date was set to meet at the number two.




Leon was especially excited to meet a man such as Adder Dareios.
Ordinarily, he would ensure that he was well-dressed and proper, but this
occasion demanded extra attention. He awoke early and shaved three
times. His shower was long and steamy and he pressed and primped his
attire until everything was seamless. The Brigade and he had agreed that
Leon would do most of the talking, though the Brigade was nervous about
it. The plan was to convince Dareios that the Newcomer was about to
arrive and chat with him while they waited, eventually informing him of their
ruse. They planned to explain their duplicity by saying that Leon had
developed the program on his own, that they distrusted the Newcomer, and
that they recognized Adder Dareios as a man of integrity and honesty.
Dareios would supply the funding for their project and the two conspirators
would be granted some percentage of the profits. Leon and the Brigade
arrived early in order to examine the layout of the bistro; Leon wanting
nothing to go wrong. When the appointed time neared, the Brigade chose
to wait outside the restaurant while Leon occupied a table within. Dareios
arrived unpretentiously, but with a marked air of influence. His driver pulled
up to the building and Adder let himself out. When the Brigade saw him
walking into the bistro, he phoned Leon from his cell.



“He’s on his way.”
 “Yes, yes, I see him. Good then.”
Adder Dareios looked around the restaurant and Leon approached him
straightaway.



“Mr. Dareios, how are you?” Dareios seemed confused.



“I am Leon Ochrowskovich, an employee of Corpu- tech.”



Dareios pondered the tawny figure before him, that mass of human
gregariousness. Leon’s frame and temperament was not showing him
favor.



“I am to escort you to the table where you are to have your meeting.”




Dareios’ eyes lit up a bit. “Good. Good.”



The two men walked to the table and Leon did not control his mirth. He was
meeting with a man of significant ability and resource. Anyone who was
anyone indeed would know the face of an entrepreneur who consumed a
significant percentage of the planet’s resources. Leon smiled broadly as he
touched the shoulder of the Adder here, and guided him with the large,
corpulent hands of brazen care. He encountered difficulty keeping his
hands off Dareios. When Dareios turned in the wrong direction, Leon
almost grabbed him, a kind of affectionate hug, and directed him proper,
which was not a welcome expression of affection. Thus did Leon hover
over the man, and as he did so, Dareios first ignored and then slightly
recoiled from Leon’s imposing warmth. When the Adder sat at the table
where Leon had already ordered bread and water, he was suspicious.



“Where is your boss?” he asked as he took his own seat, Leon hovering
about him with his hands just near enough to Dareios’ person to avoid
impropriety, again proceeding to annoy the businessman.



“He will be present shortly, but sir, if I may, that is to say if you will allow me,
I would like to establish here, yes here and now, just how much respect, no
respect is not strong enough, no no, how much admiration you inspire in
me.”



Leon paused, bated breath, as he drew in the sight of the Adder Dareios.
He arose and took the man’s hand from his side, shook it.



“I follow your work, well of course, everyone follows your work...”



And Leon let out a hearty laugh until he noticed that Dareios was not
returning the sentiment; he abruptly cleared his throat, became serious, sat
down once again.



“Well yes, sir, I mean to say that I would like to chat
with you myself before my superior arrives. I do have a proposition for you.
You see my colleague and I have developed a program, that is an
operating system, that may hold significant interest for you, yes.”



Dareios’ face darkened, and he looked about the bistro. When he had
noted that no raven-haired youth appeared anywhere, he turned his
suspicious eyes towards Leon.



“We have developed a system that will eliminate computer viruses. It is
really a simple matter, simple indeed, but we need funds to develop...”



Dareios abruptly arose and with a gesture of his hand a plainclothes
security guard whom Leon had not noticed appeared.



“Let’s go.”



While Dareios departed, Leon sat bewildered for one moment. Coming
back to himself, Leon arose quick and quickened his gait after the
entrepreneur, but was unable to overcome the man before he returned to
his waiting auto, Leon’s face flush red.



“Sir, pardon me, sir, I say I never meant...”



Leon said as the car door closed and Dareios drove away, leaving Leon
standing in brazen perplexity.
“How did it go?” asked the Brigade some minutes later.



During the next few days, Leon and the Brigade chatted little. Felina
noticed that during that week, Leon was not his ordinary self. He appeared
the same tawny giant, but his manner was different. Leon was unable or
unwilling to make his ordinary rounds about the office, chatting up the
employees and slapping his hand on backs. Felina was concerned
because she recognized that Leon hardly ever quieted down. Even during
the worst of times, Leon had an affirmative, even an annoyingly optimistic
outlook. Now Leon sat at his desk, pondering something. Felina asked him
about his mood, but Leon, again out of character, said




“There is nothing wrong. Please leave me be.”



The Brigade’s mood had not changed all that much. He was customarily
distant and he saw his employees only when he needed to evaluate them
or supervise the office in general. Now, Leon was concerned about the
encounter he had with Adder Dareios. He recognized a shrewdness in the
man, and he respected his cunning. Leon reasoned that a man like him
must be cunning in order to create and maintain an empire. He had no idea
how far he was able to trust Mr. Dareios, and the slightest whim on the part
of the Dareios might bring the entire house of Corpu-tech down on Leon
himself. Leon was, after all, the one who met with Dareios, and Leon’s
personality and appearance were unique enough that there would be no
mistake, if Dareios were to contact Leon’s superior. Making matters worse,
the Brigade had said almost nothing to Leon since their failed attempt on
Friday, and the week went by with Leon doing little but ruminating over his
dilemma. Even Leon’s valued personal appearance carried less weight. On
the one-week anniversary of the near-encounter with Dareios, the Brigade
asked Leon to come in to his office.



“What are we going to do?” were the Brigade’s first words.



Leon was unsure what might be revealed, since Dareios might contact their
superior at any time. Leon had been moody as late at home when he
chatted with his mother; his attire was improperly made though no-one
noticed, and he was reluctant to permit his colleagues to see his state.
Leon forced a grin upon his face, then pressed a smile.



“Why, whatever are we concerned with?”



“Leon, the man saw through our plan and disappeared. He had to know
what we were doing. He’s probably chatting with our boss at this very
moment, if he hasn’t already.”



“I see nothing wrong with a chat. We are worried, yes, and we are
legitimately concerned about what might happen, yes indeed, but we need
not fear, no, no need for concern really...”



“IN CASE YOU DON’T REALIZE IT, OCHROWSKOVICH...”
The Brigade paused in order to calm himself down and prevent other
employees from noticing them.



“...that man can destroy our careers with a mere phone call, he has the
perfect excuse!” Charles said in a more calm voice.



Yet, the brigade’s voice became again louder with each passing word.



“Wind and smoke. Mere wind and smoke! We’ll pull through all of this
somehow, Charles. I just know it. Trust me, Charles, just trust me.”



“We can’t just sit here, Leon. What do you suggest we do?”



The Brigade stood in front of Leon, leaning one hand on his desk. He
pushed his face into Leon’s after turning the tawny man’s chair towards
him.



“That crap that you feed everyone won’t help you now. I have a family,
Leon. I have three kids and a wife who works. I have a mortgage and two
and one-half cars and I intend to keep them. I don’t spend my money on
manicures and velvet sports jackets. I can’t afford six months of
job-searching unemployment because I live with my mother.”
The Brigade lifted one lapel of Leon’s jacket and threw it back upon Leon’s
frame with force, a gesture that surprised and disdained the outsized mass
of joy and sensitivity. Leon was flustered and a bit shaken by the force of
the Brigade’s comments.



“Suede.” “What?!”



“Suede. This jacket is suede.”



The Brigade threw his hands up in the air, and then placed his head in the
palm of his right hand, seemingly about to weep.



“Charles, my friend.”




The Brigade was unresponsive.
“Charles, let me ask you a question or two, yes?”



Leon stood and placed his arm gently around the shoulders of his worried
friend. “Dareios met with me, yes?”



At first the Brigade said nothing. “Isn’t that right?”
“Yes, Leon...he met with you.” “Alone, yes?”



“Yes, Leon. Alone.”
 “Well, then, he didn’t see you at all, right?”



The Brigade glanced at Leon. He knew the tawny giant well, he thought. He
was almost afraid to hear what Leon might say, but he was relieved as well.
He was angered that he had gone along with Leon’s mad, two-year plan in
the first place, and the Brigade knew that he was unlikely to retain his
position at Corpu- tech even if their meeting appeared innocent.



“I sent the man e-mails and made phone calls.”



Here Leon was stumped for a moment and then “I did all of that without
your knowledge, yes, yes I used my own knowledge of Corpu-tech to
manipulate your mail and I phoned him myself, or I asked someone to
impersonate you.”



“That’s one crappy plan, Leon.”



“It will work, it will work, my friend. I have seen more paltry ruses succeed,
trust me. Just trust me, my friend.”
The Brigade plopped himself lifelessly into his chair, seemingly resigned to
an unsavory fate.



“Whatever you say, Leon.”
 And Leon smiled, though he was concerned for his friend.



“Well, now, we need some wind and smoke of our own, I say,”Leon added.



“What are you talking about?”



“We shall tell Mr. Dareios and our illustrious leader that the meeting was all
my doing, yes?”



The Brigade was quiet again. Leon was still the Leon that he had known for
years now. The Brigade was relieved, and for an exceedingly brief moment,
he felt guilty that he was prepared to allow Leon to do what he intended. He
thought of his family, that he wanted his son to attend college. He thought
of the trouble his wife would give him for the risk he took, calling him stupid
and reckless. The Brigade swallowed his guilt and destroyed the pride he
possessed before his friend Leon.



“That way, all the blame falls on me, and I will come up with a bit more of
wind and smoke for them, Charles. You will see. Everything will be fine, just
fine, and one day we will both laugh at how nervous we were at this critical
point.”



“It’s a crappy plan, Leon,” the Brigade repeated.
And Leon took his friend by the hand, pulled him close with his arm, and
hugged the Brigade who rolled his eyes relieved. Charles felt childish, and
he acknowledged that Leon was taking all of the risk and he again felt guilt
that he was willing, but that moment lasted only a short time. He buried it
deep somewhere never to return.



“Alright, Leon, if that’s what you want.”




The tawny giant nodded. Thus, their bond.



Another month departed, and the Brigade and Leon, though tense and
increasingly sleepless, returned to their ordinary routine. The office was its
customary pleasant place, and Leon again returned to making his rounds
from desk to desk, cubicle to cubicle. The Brigade now afforded Leon wide
discretion in his interactions with the other employees. No-one yet noticed,
but Leon was able to do almost anything, without even any occasional
repercussion. The Brigade would permit him to sleep on the floor in the
hallway, if Leon desired. And though Leon recognized that he was able to
take liberties, he took only those that he ordinarily enjoyed. It was only
proper after all.



While affairs of the office had returned to normal, the two men alone knew
that something was bound to happen. Either the Newcomer or Dareios
would do something. The question remained how bad the consequences
would be and the plan that Leon had did not inspire any confidence in the
Brigade; Leon himself began to doubt its efficacy. After all, it possessed so
many holes that even Leon might not be able to pass it off as reality. The
sixth week after their encounter with Adder Dareios, Leon saw the familiar
form of a mostly hairless dog enter Corpu-tech. Knowing what the animal
signified, Leon immediately began to seek out the Newcomer who
appeared at Corpu-tech only intermittently. Leon was visibly nervous as he
meandered about each station gaining information about the whereabouts
of his superior. Noticing that the friendly dog had the run of the office, he
followed the animal, gave him a treat of office candy, and took hold of the
jadecollared black Xolo, hoping the dog would provide him with an excuse
for chatting. The animal recognized him, licked his hand and gave Leon a
worried dogsmile with his eyes. Leon patted the animal and again fed him
with some of the meat that Leon’s mother had packed for him in his lunch,
salami. The animal gobbled the morsel down quickly, rapidly pleaded with
more-excited, wide eyes and slobber.



Leon guided the dog about the space only briefly; the office of the
Newcomer was not difficult to find, it being the only unoccupied office on
the floor most of the time. The door was open, and the Newcomer sat in his
chair comfortable, but his head was in his hands. Leon knocked lightly, then
permitted the animal to enter. The Xolo trotted over to the Newcomer who
patted the dog on the head, massaged its head and ears.




“I found him wandering about the office, sir,” Leon began.
The Newcomer lifted his head quickly and a strange look of disquietude
and what seemed like shame flashed across the face of Leon’s superior.



“You might leave my animal be,” he snapped.



Leon thought perhaps his visit had been a mistake, but he also recognized
that he would not have been able to resist the urge to chat with the
Newcomer.



“I...I only wished that your animal be safe, sir, please know no harm was
intended, yes, no harm indeed.”



The Newcomer glared at the large, tawny giant.



“You are Leon, are you not?” asked the bewildered Newcomer.



“That is my given name, yes sir.”
 Leon was unable to draw toward the Newcomer’s desk as he usually
would.



“Leon, sit down here,” said the Newcomer.



Unexpectedly and with a sudden unease, Leon wanted nothing of this
encounter. He sensed something disturbed the Newcomer, and for all his
strength of character, he refused to acknowledge his impropriety at the
moment.
“Well, sir, I have much to do. I would not wish to waste your time.” “It is no
waste of time, Leon. Sit down a moment.”



Leon obeyed, and for the first time in a long while Leon felt as if he were
being examined by his father, though the man before him was younger than
he.



“How goes the operation of Corpu-tech, Leon?”
 “You might ask Mr. Brigade. I am only a lowly programmer. Yes, I am of
little




consequence, you see.”



“You know, Leon, I hardly believe what you say. In fact, I have good reason
to believe that you are more than what you claim.”



“No, no, no sir. I am not much at all, and I am thankful for the position I
occupy.”



The Newcomer’s expression was strained, Leon saw. Asudden, a fear crept
upon Leon, and he asked himself why the Newcomer visited now. Why was
he disconcerted at this time was foremost in Leon’s mind and while he
remained calm without, Leon internally squirmed in his seat, sweated upon
his figurative brow.



“LEON, DON’T FOOL WITH ME!” the Newcomer inex plicably raged.



Leon was startled at the outburst and he unconsciously nudged his chair
away from the Newcomer.



“Let me explain, sir, that is, I am able to demonstrate that I am not in the
wrong, sir. I am ever your humble servant, and I am satisfied with my
position. I never wished to do any harm to our organization. I am glad to be
here, and I hope to remain...”



“What on earth are you talking about, Leon?” Leon’s face became still.



“Listen, I am out of sorts these days. You ought to know that I do watch
over Corpu-tech, and what I see appears to be good. I want you to chat
with me about Corpu- tech. I recognize that you understand more about
this company than others do and I want your assistance.”



And Leon grinned, then smiled. He stood up and cupping the shoulder of
his superior with his mammoth hand...
“I am ever at your service, sir. And I expect that we will have much to chat
about. I do indeed know Corpu-tech and I will pass along what I know to
you. Please accept my apologies as well. I spoke out of turn.”



“Yes, yes, Leon. Let me be for now, but I will expect a long conversation
about your workplace.”



“If ever you need a shoulder, as they say, mine is available. You will find me
a worthy companion and I might say that though you appear stressed, you
look well, yes, I would say fine in fact.”



“Good then, we will chat soon and regularly then?” “Yes, sir.”



And Leon, eager to meet with the Brigade, exited the Newcomer’s office
with a near spring in his gait. The next days were fine moments of blissful
jocundity for anyone who met with Leon. He dressed himself in his
customary fashion, but he had a particular luminosity about him. He was,
after all, as yet free from charges, and since Leon believed, and apparently
correctly, that the probability of Dareios informing his superior after this
much time had passed was small and dwindling, since that, Leon believed
he was liberated from dread worry. He explained to a dubious Brigade that
their meeting would not be given up and that more likely than not Dareios
had forgotten about the incident himself.



“We are free, my friend, I assure you. Mr. Dareios will not tell our boss, no,
no. And perhaps we ought to attempt to contact him again.”
The Brigade did not like the idea of another risk with Dareios very much.
He was relieved that he need not fight another battle simply in order to
retain his job, but the danger was far from abated. Many things might now
happen.



“Don’t be crazy, Leon. Just leave it where it is.” “Charles, I assure you...”



“Leave it where it is, Leon. We got lucky so far.”
 So, the two men dropped the matter, and though Leon wanted to continue
his




experiments, he ceased attempting to convince the Brigade that they
contact Dareios. And office affairs continued as they had.



“How are you today?” “Let me get that for you.”



His nod beseemed buttered xanthus all the more. And they smiled.



“Yes, he’s silly, but that’s Leon.” “Felina the Great.”
“Hi Leon,” Felina returned, lengthening both words. “Hey, Cassius.”
 “Leon.”
 “Good morning, Allsion.”



On a pleasant and rainy Tuesday morning, Leon received an email from an
unexpected source: the central office of Dareios Inc. wished to meet with
him. The connection between this missive and his brief encounter with
Dareios was tenuous at best, yes, yes. Perhaps a low-level headhunter
was contacting him. Leon decided that he would meet with Dareios without
informing the Brigade. Possession of such knowledge would only create
problems for his friend. And, if the affair went sour, the Brigade would be
free from any blame, or knowledge. The golden giant took off a personal
day, as honest as he was able, and he went to the Adder Dareios building.
There he waited longer than he had anticipated, his manner perfect and his
dress charming. He flirted with the secretary when the solitary wait became
intolerable, and she, like the others, was charmed by his farcical presence.
Leon had made another friend.



“Mr. Och..rossko..witch?” “Yes, yes.”




“Hello.” A petite, young woman held out her hand for Leon to shake. “You
must be an important man,” she continued.



“No, not really. Just fortunate.” Leon beamed.
“You must be, since Mr. Dareios only sees important people.”



Leon ceased smiling. It was highly improbable that Dareios himself would
take the time to meet him, unless there was something amiss. Initially calm,
he waited for the man to return to his own office, becoming increasingly
agitated.



“Did Dareios inform my superior?” he thought. “What to say, given such an
ugly encounter?” he thought again.



Leon paced before the utilitarian and humble desk that Adder Dareios
himself used. And as he paced, he drove himself more mad each moment.
After what seemed to Leon to be an eternity of suffering, the door to
Dareios’ office opened with Leon midpace before the man’s desk.



“Oh, oh, pardon me, sir. I mean, I meant to wait peaceably here. That is, I,
well, I must say that I am most glad, honored indeed to meet you.”



Adder Dareios entered with a manila folder in his hand. Accompanied by a
balding, bespectacled man who remained silent, he observed Leon for a
moment, and then
“...but we have met before, Mr. Ochrowskovich, haven't we?”



“Well, yes, I suppose we did, sir, and if you’ll permit me, that is if you will
grant pardon to me just one moment, I will explain my intentions. Good
ones, yes, fine and noble intentions.”
“I don’t think there is need for any explanations, Leon. I believe I
understand well what you're doing.”



And Leon suppressed the urge to pace the office once more.
“If you understand, sir, that the impropriety, that is to say, the perceived




impropriety is more damaging than the slight impropriety itself. I mean, I
wish to say that it is mere appearance of impropriety that causes us
distress.”



“Please, Mr. Ochrwoskovich, stop jabbering. I hate lots of talk that says
little. I am here to have a friendly chat with you. That’s all.”



Adder opened the manila folder set before him on his desk. “I see that you
graduated from MIT. Is that right?”



“Indeed, yes sir. That is my alma mater, so to speak.” Leon was reluctant to
share personal information.



“You could be doing a whole lot better than Corpu- tech.”



“Well, yes and no. I have simple needs.”
Dareios nodded. He walked to a cabinet near his desk and poured himself
a drink.



“Would you like a drink?” “No, no sir. I enjoy a clear head.”



“Yes, I suppose you would, considering you were near the top of your
class.”



“Yes, yes, ancient history, so to speak. A fine school and good instructors
all around. I enjoyed my stay, that is...while it lasted...”



Leon laughed nervously as he caught the eye of the balding man whose
gaze abided on the frame of the tawny colossus. Adder Dareios frowned
and a perceptive Leon recognized the inferior position in which he sat.



“Well, Mr. Ochrowskovich, after our encounter, I thought you were a boob.
Frankly, I didn’t give you a second thought...”




“Bistro 212.” Leon gazed nervously at the balding, bespectacled man.
“...yes, when we met there I was annoyed, but I have looked into your
history, and I don’t believe that you are quite so humble.”



“I assure you, my fr.., sir, that I am a most humble man.”



“Well, perhaps in one sense you are, but I suspect that your ambitions go
much further than you pretend. You could be enjoying a rather large salary
these days, and instead you are wasting away at Corpu-tech, enhancing
virus protection programs.”



“It is a worthy craft and the people there like me.” Dareios smiled.



“Let’s cut the bullshit, Ochrowskovich. You are devel oping something much
larger than mere virus removal. You want to make viruses obsolete. That,
my friend, will change things significantly.”



“I have a humble idea for a program.” Leon was not sure how Dareios had
learned about the specifics of his idea.



“You have a simple idea for a complex event, and you don’t want most of
the profits taken from you by a com pany that claims you created the
program on their time.”



Dareios provided Leon with a comforting smile all the while he chatted.
Adder Dareios looked at the tawny giant directly.
“That way they own your ideas.” Adder Dareios waited for affect.




“They would own you, though you might profit enor mously.”



“That is not all...” Dareios interrupted Leon.



“I could give this information to your employer, Leon, but that wouldn’t suit
both of us.”



Dareios again sat down.



“I want to fund your research, my friend. I want to see what you have
developed.”



“I would be most grateful, sir. I am so very glad to have your approval.”



“I haven’t given my approval. Who else knows about your plans?”



“No-one, sir. No-one at all.”
 “You set up that meeting all by yourself?”
“I did.”
 "Charles ...Brigade did not participate?”



“I, well, sir, that is I used his account, but he was not part of the contact.”



Leon appeared before the man like a child who has been caught stealing
cookies before dinner.



“You are lying, obviously. But we will assume that
 you will contact no-one further. I want you to return
 to Corpu-tech and pretend you never came here. Mean while, we will work
together during your free time. You will tell no-one at all about this project.
Are we agreed?”




“We are, sir. You may count on my discretion.” Thus their bond.




THE CHANGING OF THE HUES
Brazil had not seen much of Mallory or the Newcomer for weeks. Though
she enjoyed the company of her acerbic friend, she had to admit that she
enjoyed the time alone. She had not only completed another series of
bronze pieces, but she arranged an art-show. Her old friends from
downtown were glad to see her, though there had been a split between
them. Brazil was large both in body and in mind, and she was certain that
she knew what was art and what was “Crap,” she would say. Her colleague,
whose artistic expression consisted of burnt, spray- painted G.I. Joes
nailed to wood and the like, considered Brazil’s work to be trite and overly
ambitious. Fuscus would dumpster-dive for items left behind by college
students. When an interesting enough combination of items emerged, he
would glue them--nail them or somehow affix--them to a strong, flat surface
and perhaps pour acid on the mixture in order to see what would come of it.
Brazil considered his art to be nothing more than less than its parts.



“Literally, that stuff is Fuscus,” she would joke.



Now that she had temporarily returned to the downtown scene, Brazil found
herself arguing with Fuscus just as much as she always did, but at present
the two disagreed, and then left matters where they were, instead of angrily
throwing each others art at one another, or smashing bottles and
screaming insults during each others’ show. Fuscus was a typical cad, clad
in fatigues, bald, and properly tattooed over almost all of his body. He
considered himself to live his art every moment.



“Are you still feeding off the human Satyr?” he asked flip.
 Brazil was silent, not wanting to begin an argument.
 “So, you’re still living with him then.” Fuscus tapped her on the shoulder.



“I don’t live with him.”
“He just pays your bills.”
 Fuscus peered over his eyeglasses at one of his entourage who giggled.
“That man...I don’t know...”
 Brazil had no comment to make.
 “Well, I wish I could get me some of that. I need someone to pay for me.”



“A patron.”
 “Yeah, ‘patron’ ‘sugar-daddy’ ‘Pappy’ whatever you want to call him.”



Brazil had much to accomplish in a short time. She had agreed to show her
sculpture a few days ago and she was busy determining where each piece
belonged. The space was a large, open room, so it was possible for Brazil
to line the walls with her current display, but she wanted to conceal each
piece so that as the interpreter wandered through the room, which would
be set up like a maze, each bronze sculpture would emerge without giving
away the next. Thus, Brazil wanted to determine what piece to display first,
and what second and the rest. She had unwrapped many new works and
she observed each one in relation to another. She considered using each
piece as a part of a narrative, telling a story with the whole collection of
them, but she was unsure that there was a coherent narrative to create.
Each bronze statuette was a small, frozen moment of time. Each was
supposed to be an archetype of experience, but as they were, they did not
manifest the plot of a story. One was a large woman accosted by a group of
boys, as if being pelted by rocks, while another was the same group of
diminutive thugs following a politician or businessman who followed a piper.
Yet another was a laughing giant of a fellow who patted others on the back.
A balding man was alone with his drink, seemingly abandoned by a loved
one seen walking away with another man. The same corpulent,
well-dressed giant laughed mirthfully beside a stocky older gentlemen
whose expression was rather serious. And, a very attractive young man
lamented over perished experiences now resurrected in the form of furies.
Other, more fantastic and brash characters walked and danced about, and
Brazil was unable to arrange them in a traditional, coherent narrative.
Perhaps tomorrow she would be able to do so. She was observing the
figure of the piper, which she thought might begin the show. She




imagined that he might lead the interpreters as they arrived, as if he were
the master. Brazil knelt down and removed some plastic packaging that
clung to the face of the piper. She smiled, and she thought that she ought
to contact the Newcomer, see what he was doing tonight.



“Probably out with the drunken opportunist.”



The day was ending for the gainfully employed and Brazil
 noticed that fewer and fewer observers came into the storefront, peering
about curiously. The time for hectic business activity was dying out slowly,
and then lies an interval of time when pedestrians and vehicularists busy
themselves racing homeward. None too many walk along the sidewalk, and
only the few workers who began their shifts at the number three or four are
present to witness what little transpires. The time presses not quickly, nor
slowly, but seems to move in quiet, hegemonic shifts. Brazil enjoys this time
of day, since she recognizes that it is no concern to her. She continues to
observe the piper whose pose and active figure she is acutely proud to
have
created. Her work brings a grin to her face.



“That’s a lonely man you’ve depicted there” comes a hoary voice.



The man who stood beside Brazil was aged, short and pudgy. He was
pluck bald on the top of his head, and he apparently cared little or nothing
for his appearance, since he had not combed his hair in an estimated four
weeks. Still, clad in a well-kept and well-worn deep green suit he was
clean, sharkskin jade. He sneezed and pulled a yellow handkerchief out of
his breast pocket, then blew his nose. He smiled at Brazil and she was
unable to suppress a grin. He was a peculiar man with a huge,
wide-nostriled pug nose and his back was arched hunch-like, a vulture’s
posture. Though his suit was clean and attractive, he was out of style, and
he wore old, threadbare tennis shoes with frayed laces and no stockings.
Brazil noted that he gave off an odor that while pleasant, she was unable to
place. Something between patchouli-lavender incense and split peas mixed
with urine made way into her olfactory. He was vigorous in his gait and his
arched back did not refuse him a squat on the floor in order to inspect the
face and motion of the piper.



“On whom is he modeled?” The old man talked more to the piper than to
Brazil. “A friend.”




“Does this friend have a name?”
“You know, I don’t believe he likes personal informa tion given out.”



“He looks to me like a lively character.” “Lively is one way to put it.”



“You mean the statuette, or the Dionysian friend?” “He is Dionysian.” Brazil
trailed off a bit.



The old man gave Brazil an inquisitive look. “The friend, the friend is
Dionysian.”



“I’ve had those sorts of intimates before,” he reflected.



“Really? I don’t think you’ve had a friend like this one before.”



“Trust me, my dear. Trust me.”



The old man brushed his fingertips onto the face of the brazen piper. Brazil
did not like his words, but the manner with which he used them gave her
comfort somehow. She smiled unwilling, and then she became a bit irate
that the man was handling her artwork.



“I know a bit about friendship, and this one is not common,” she gave out
without realizing it.
Brazil began to move her sculptures about, rearranging them again and
again in order to establish the perfect brazen narrative.



“Can you tell me about it?”
 “Well, he’s tall and very intelligent, but he’s a free spirit,




...a bit too free...”
 “No, no, dear, I meant friendship. What do you know about friendship?”
Brazil really didn’t have time for witty banter or conversation.



“You want me to say what?”
 “I am interested in your opinion about friendship, yes.”



“Why?”



“I’m a professor. I enjoy learning.”



Brazil was not certain that she wished to discuss the topic with the old man.
He was charming, but he probed too deeply too rapidly. She supposed that
his was the liberty of old age.



“I believe that it arises from nature,” she said again unwilling.
“You mean nature herself brings it about, or...”



“No, no. Common natures become friends. It’s a simi larity of spirit, I
guess.”



“So, you’ve never been a friend to someone who had a nature different
from your own?”



“Well...I guess I have, but friendship requires some thing in common.”



Now Brazil was certain that she did not wish to continue the conversation,
but she was too polite to cut off the old man, or she was just that impolite
when she desired to be so, but she was unable to explain to him that she
was unwilling to hear any more. Then again



“I’d love to chat, but I am very busy right now. You can stay and watch if
you want,” she explained.




She was relieved that she had gotten the words out. The old man arose
from his squatting position and watched Brazil as she lifted each figure, set
it down in one place and then replaced it in another, slowly finding each
character its best position. She paid little attention to him, nodding and
affirming what he said.



“You know, the study of friendship goes back not just centuries, but
millennia. The first epic friendship that I recall was Gilgamesh and Enkidu.
There, enemies become friends and each is willing to die for the other.
Gilgamesh is a powerful and so dangerous entity until he enjoys the
company of an equal. And I suppose the author or authors of that epic had
something there. There is an element of equality that assists a friendship,
though equality is not necessary.”



“Mmmm hmmm.”



“Ancient philosophers wrote of friendship as a matter of course. Aristotle
thought it should be limited, and Plato wrote of equality, inequality, similarity
and dissimilarity of friends among other things. In fact, Seneca picks up on
one of Plato’s themes: that the wise man is entirely self-sufficient. So, the
wise don’t need friends, but they possess them anyways. Or they want to
possess them.”



“I know someone who is self-sufficient and seems to be looking for a
friend.”



She said this as she moved the Dionysian figure back to its original place in
front.



“Yet, there are other issues. Epictetus claimed that needs will destroy even
the most powerful of bonds, and so friendship becomes victim to feral
need, or perhaps even desire. Cicero believed that only good men are
capable of friendship, but then Cicero is not original or ground-breaking and
many of the ancient writings that remain follow Platonic perspective.”



He thought he was talking to himself.



“Which one is that?” Brazil asked as she moved another statue.



“Oh,...that only good men are capable of friendship. It has a ring of truth to
it,




but perhaps friendship makes men good, and so goodness becomes of
friendship rather than only good men are capable of that bond. Augustine
claimed that wretched men are they whose friendship is mortal, and I am
not certain of that. There is something of the immortal in friendship, like a
bond coming to be and perishing. Then there were thinkers like Montaigne
who believed that friendship is more powerful than the state, even more
powerful than the self. And there have been horrid things done in the name
of friendship, you know. I suppose friendship to be for Montaigne like desire
is for Epictetus, and perhaps friendship is a kind of desire. Yes, love in a
way. Don’t you think?”



“I suppose it is.”
Brazil was wiping her brow with a moist rag.



“And then there was Bacon who wrote about how a prince must raise
another up to his level in order to become their friend, and I suppose this
may be necessary, you know?, to raise another up to a certain level in
order to be able to converse with them. Still, raising one another doesn’t
seem to be entirely necessary, since equality isn’t absolutely necessary.
Presently, I am fond of Malbranche who thought that friendship adds
substance to our selves, like glory or conquests.”



“But friends add something at great expense some times.”



“Ah, I see you have a friend who perhaps is not your equal. Someone takes
from you and gives little or nothing in return?”



“Not nothing. But he sure takes a lot.”



“You mean that he adds substance to you, but takes more than his share
perhaps?”



“Well...yeah.”



“I have known others like your friend. Kant speaks of friends as those who
retain a distance while at the same time maintaining intimacy. I suppose it
is because of that apparent paradox that equal friendship is impossible
according to him: temeritas amicitiae. I like to think something of the kind is
possible.”
“What?”
 “That an intimacy exists even where distance is apparent.”



“You don’t have intimacy?”
 And Brazil regretted having asked the question immediately.



“Forgive me if I pry.”



“Oh, no no, dear girl.”



He tapped her lightly on the shoulder.



“Don’t be afraid to ask anything. I am nothing if not intimate, I do not lack it.
Quite the opposite. Quite the opposite.”



“I see.”
 “It is others that worry me.”



“Me too.”
“Well, Nietzsche claimed that as a man changes, so must his friends, and
that must be true, I agree. The ever-changing man must change
everything, yes. Still, that doesn’t mean that a man cannot possess a
variety of friends. Indeed, the broadest of personalities must have a broad
range of friends. I think that may be true.”



Now Brazil was tiring of his talk and she wanted it to end soon, but she
wanted also to be kind to the stranger.



“It seems as though you’ve covered the entire history of friendship in
philosophy.”



“Oh by no means. Not at all, I only touched upon a few of the highlights, or
at least the conclusions that interest me most. I’ve learned a few things in
my life, I have. I wish to learn even more.”




Brazil remained particularly uninterested. She wished the man would go
away, or at least be quiet and permit her to work in peace.



“And what have you learned?” she asked, immediately regretting the
question again.
“Well, it seems that common experience helps bring about
friendship...which seems to be a kind of accident that abides despite
differences, and in conjunction with complements. It must be fallible in
order to demonstrate that the intimacy is not misplaced. If I know you will
never do anything that displeases me, then the friendship may be pretence.
So, it seems to be an accidental intimacy, like Kant seems to suggest. The
ancients hoped that friendship exists the way they described it: a stiff and
artificial bond between good persons. But, it is not always the meeting of
good persons or the good itself, but the generation of goodness between
persons. That bond of goodness coheres friendship.”



He stopped talking and simply stared blankly. He had stood up and was
looking out at the window, neither observing nor perceiving it. He stared out
simply blank and Brazil waited and then she began to feel uncomfortable.
She was uncertain what he might do though her instincts told her that he
was harmless. And suddenly he came to life, stopped staring and
gesticulated another thought.



“Yes, yes. All of those concepts refer to friendship, and they may have a
share in it, but what is it? We’re not talking about a static entity, but a
dynamic one in motion. It’s...”



The old man paused, again stared. He rubbed his chin a moment.



“I heard poetry about it once. How does it go?



Bonds binding vigilantly
intimate captives impede
the ruin of destruction
 as fetters gird beasts to fecund joy. Calm prisoners band joyful conflict as
captives unbounded



leave free the braces of release.
 Yet cords break, straps
 unbar and binds bond again ever renewal.”




“Okay,” Brazil returned slowly pressing out her words. The old man
laughed, at himself and at Brazil.
 “You think that I am mad.”



“I think no such thing.” Brazil lied to her new friend.
 “You work with images,” he more asked than stated, but stated all the
same.



“Yeah.”
 “Perhaps an image will assist.”



The old man became more professorial. He laughed again, and Brazil
thought more madness about him.



“Friendship is the world of the cultured beast, like many worlds of such a
creature. It is not the physical universe of material substance, but it is. It is
not geist, but it is. It isn’t the moral world of the philosopher, or the factual
world of the scientist, but it is. Friendship is a vivacity, a kind of array.”



The old man thought a moment further. His eyes brightened, and he lifted
his form a bit, a brief jump and as a result his back arched a little less.



“A Kaleidoscope substance.”



He picked up some chalk that lay around Brazil’s exhibit, and then drew
three interlocking circles. The old one then used Brazil’s yellow, blue and
red chalk to fill in the spaces with color so that the circles represented the
intersections of primary colors. After that, he blended the three colors in
order to create secondary colors from the primary. His hands were filthy like
a child’s. He giggled a bit as he drew the circles. He was clearly enjoying
himself and as he giggled, his hoary beard jutted up and down, giving him a
mad Santa appearance. He placed his hat backwards on his head and
three or four times it fell to the ground, interrupting his work until he simply
left it rest where it lay.He giggled again, but this time he was looking directly
at Brazil.




“Now, think of the different colors as states of the substance friendship.” He
pointed to the yellow section of the diagram.
 “Isn’t yellow a beautiful color?”
 Brazil stood in mute silence, not knowing what to return.
“...yeah...yes, sure.”



“Yellow is bright and pure jocundity. Yellow is a confiding bond, the
connection to which brings joy. Yes? Yes?”



“...yeah...alright.” He pointed to the blue.



“Blue is calm, an established bond. Blue is easy, full confidence where one
let’s one’s guard down, yes? Yes?”



“I always thought so.” He pointed to the green.



“Green is a combination of blue and yellow. It is a joyful calm, not so much
joy as comfort, or perhaps not so much comfort as joy, yes?”



“Well, of course.”
 Brazil was mildly interested now.



“What about red?”



“It is right you ask about red, my friend. Red is conflicting, a contradicting
difficulty and a lack of trust. Red is dangerous, but lifegiving. Friendships
die and are resurrected here.”



He shook his head, lowering his face sadly.
“But, you see orange is red and yellow, so it is both joyful and conflicting.”
“So, orange is joy giving way to conflict?”



“Yes, or...or conflict giving way to joy with accompanying suspicion. The
movement works both ways.”



“So, blue gives way to purple, which is...what?”



“Oh, purple is full confidence giving way to conflict, or conflict giving way to
full confidence. Very powerful. Very powerful. Dynamic indeed.”



“But, these are not the only colors, or shades of colors possible.”



“Well, this is only representative of our substance friendship. There are, of
course, many shades that speak to all possible color, including those the
human eye cannot see, yes?”



“I don’t know.” She waited, pondering.
“What about brown?” she asked playfully.
 “Oh, brown...”
 The old one looked pitifully up at Brazil, wide-eyed visage concerned.



“Brown is, of course, the combination of all of these colors. In it there is
conflict, but joy, calm, but suspicion, confidence, but unease. No bond
remains brown for long.”



“They gravitate towards one primary color or another?”



“Well, I don’t know, but I suspect that in brown there is too much
uncertainty, and so the bond tends to gravitate towards the more
acceptable colors, like green, or purple, or even orange.”




“Why not yellow or blue?”



“Blue and yellow are excellent, but they are not easily retained. They
happen, but how often does the great calm or the exquisite joy continue
from a bond unless we are departed for long. Red-faced contempt arrives.”



“What happens when colors change?” “What do you mean?”
“What happens when there is a transition and so one color is not, say,
yellow any more, but orange, or yellow changes to green? Know what I
mean?”



“Well, I suppose there is constant transition, and so the colors are never
pure, but always changing. That is a good point.”



He glanced down at the circles again.
“...but then what I am saying may be nothing, you know?”



“I know,” Brazil returned.
 She glanced at her watch and suddenly became animated.



“I need to go.”
 “I am sorry to have detained you so long. I ought to have watched the
time.”



“Let’s just go. Go. Go!” she said as she waved her hand towards their exit.



And after Brazil donned her orange-red coat that matched the hues of her
streaked hair, she directed the old man out. She turned around to lock the
door to the space, but when she made to offer him a ride to his destination,
she found that he simply was not present any longer, perhaps unneeded.
JADE CANINES AND ORANGE
MEN

Brazil recognized that she needed to move quickly. She disliked leaving her
art behind, since she was able to work on an exhibit tirelessly until it was
finished, or at least until she was satisfied for the moment. Her
fire-red-orange shoes were becoming wet in the rain drizzling upon her as
she waited for an available taxi. She ordinarily took public transportation,
but she was late. Her conversation with the strange old man had distracted
her from observing the time regularly as she almost always did. It was an
old, tiresome habit that she was unable to cease unless she was somehow
engaged in her work. She had been a secretary, among other things, until
she showed her exhibit downtown where she had met the Newcomer. Why
she still adored him she did not understand. Her cab took her downtown to
a tawny building where a red carpet led imperial feet to finely polished
elevators that delivered these wealthy possessors of empire to a physically
beautiful and easy, yet treacherous, routine. She exchanged her now wet
shoes for high heels, which afforded her an inch or two of height higher
than the Newcomer. She thought that her stature might grant her an
advantage, needed it. She was not certain that the Newcomer would
perceive her efforts, he almost always detected any change, but she was at
a disadvantage and she needed all the emotional strength possible. Still,
there were clear advantages to the Newcomer’s company. Brazil unlocked
the door to the penthouse where she often slept and where she and her
Newcomer entertained whatever crowd they, really he, happened to
encounter that night. She was relieved to perceive that the space was
loudly hushed. She placed her keys on the oak desk near the front door as
she heard the tapdancing sound of organic nails on wood.
Click clack, clickclick, clakakclakclick.



Brazil smiled as she lowered one of hers hands to greet two mostly hairless
dogs who were quite excited to see her, licking her hands, dancing
green-collared joy.




“Hi babies.”



Brown jumped up and down, waiting. He ran around the front room in
circles howling again and again in hopes of a greater embrace. Brazil
concentrated her attention on the Black dog with the green collar, giving
him her hand and patting his head repeatedly. The Brown noticed that his
course was bringing him no closer to attention, so he interrupted the
head-patting with his nose and when Brazil was distracted, he lifted his
muscular frame up and placed his paws on her side, refusing her refusal to
grant him her attention. Brazil laughed.



“Ok, Ok,”
 “I see you, baby.”



She kissed the Brown on the head and dogsmiling eyes all the while he
howled gently in her direction. When Brazil removed her coat, the two
animals rushed down a hallway, the one now outpacing the other the other
now outpacing the one. They snapped at each other without injury while
they ran into another room. Now there, they howled once or twice and then
came running back to Brazil. Then, again, the two raced down the hallway
alerting other occupants to her wanted presence. The same long hall had a
narrow, high shelf along its left side, inserted specifically as a pathway. If
one cared to observe the walls of the penthouse, one would see the same
track along practically every wall with the result that a kind of jogging
course roughly five inches wide ran along the entire living-space. As Brazil
walked along the hallway, a nearly silent female cat with a yellow collar
surreptitiously accompanied her. She walked only a few paces when she
saw the animal. Brazil stopped as did the long-haired tortoiseshelled feline.
She reached her hand up to the animal, and the feline first sniffed her hand
and then lowered its head just enough so that Brazil was unable to pet her.



“Hello Dora.”



Brazil was unable to repress a smile. It was strange to her that the
Newcomer was so disagreeable, and yet he adored these seeming friends,
acted as though they were made of gold. All were well-tended and
seemingly content. The dogs went with him wherever he traveled, and
when the animals were all at home in the penthouse, Dora might easily
evade the at-times vicious pursuit of the two Xolos simply by running along
the track, which the Newcomer had designed himself. He walked the dogs
every day, giving treats for handshakes and obedience. The Newcomer
kept a record of the animals’ health and regularly




paid an on-call veterinarian to come give check-ups and advice about diet
and care. All the animals were vigorous and healthy, and likely to remain
that way. Brazil continued along the hall and Dora caught up with her, then
raced past, jumping over the width of the hall onto another section of track
that led to the Newcomer’s study. She trotted around the corner of the room
and plotted herself down onto the desk of the Newcomer where he busied
himself with something internet.



“Hi, girl,” he said to Dora. “Well, hello,” Brazil returned.



He did not turn round to greet her, but ceased working in order to allow the
feline to rub against him with her long, black and brown hair. He turned her
yellow collar round her neck until he saw her nametag, making certain that
Dora’s registration was up to date. She dropped halfway down onto his lap,
paused while she awaited another round of attention. When she at last
planted her body full onto his thighs, he gently pulled the animal to his
chest and hugged her.



“That cat is madly in love,” Brazil observed. “She’s a good kid.”



“So, are we ready for another round of ‘gathering of fools’?”



Brazil had known him long enough, and she was observant enough, that
she was able to determine when something was amiss. He had always
been distant, but now she perceived something new.



“I don’t think so.”



Brazil knew that it was nothing out of the ordinary that he would refuse an
outing, but his tone had changed -- a foreign sound. He waited for Dora to
be sated, and then he rose from his desk; his long hair was not tied tightly
as usual and he appeared to be intoxicated, which was out of the ordinary
since his tolerance was so very high. Brazil thought that he had imbibed for
perhaps many hours.




“Had a few have we?”



The Newcomer turned towards Brazil for a moment, staring blankly. In that
instant, he was sober and his dark eyes observed her coldly. He appeared
prepared to pounce, yet he restrained himself.



“Actually, I’ve had nothing to drink today. At least no alcohol.”



He said these words with a kind of contempt, which Brazil noticed was not
necessarily directed at her, but perhaps. Still, she was taken aback by his
vehemence. She rose high on her heels without realizing.



“What then?”



She expected that he had another new plan, perhaps another experiment
as he called them.
“We visit Mallory.”



Now Mallory had come closer to the Newcomer and Brazil recognized that
he had been hurt, but without realizing it she resented the attention given to
the unfortunate.



“I doubt that you would visit me as often.”



The Newcomer paused his tapping of Dora on the head, but made no eye
contact with Brazil.



“I would, but you would still whine.”



She knew that he was joking, but the admission that he would visit her was
a novelty. The Newcomer appeared to Brazil to sag a bit. Lapse of spirit in
addition to his somewhat desultory appearance. When he did not
deliberately annoy her, she began to wonder if she ought to contact
someone.



“Maybe we will search for fools, I don’t know,” he said, seeming genuinely
confused.
The Newcomer was annoying and he had a habit of generating anger
deliberately, a habit she had grown to tolerate; he had no certain beliefs
upon which to fall back, but he made certain decisions about what he was
about to do. He was an act in action. Brazil thought that his life must be
difficult, since he never attended church and he belonged to no
organizations, at least none that he took seriously. He was fortunate
enough to be able to do so. When he claimed that he did not know what he
might do, she recognized that something plagued him. The pair headed
towards the hospital where Mallory remained. He was due to be released in
a few days and the Newcomer had already made plans for his retrieval.
Mallory was silent, since he had been drugged immediately before their
arrival. Still, and strange for Brazil to behold, the Newcomer sat at the
man’s bedside almost as if Mallory were a relative, a brother or even an old
friend.



“Brazil. I think I understand why women obsess.”



Now, Brazil was annoyed already, since she knew what was likely to come,
but she smiled inward and she was somewhat relieved.



“I think I understand why they continue to give themselves problems. Why
they retain a problem until it becomes ineradicable.”



He grinned while he talked and Brazil cocked her head back and waited.
“What brings this on?”



He ignored her contempt.
“Estrogen. They are filled with estrogen.”
“That’s it?”
 He ignored her contempt again.



“They feel more than they think, or one might say that they experience the
thinking feeling. And that emotional thought, that feeling they are able to
resurrect continually as if they were experiencing it at any moment.”



He waited for affect, was unable to suppress a chuckle.




“Yeah, get it out,” she said in a bored tone.



“So, thirty years after a man has cheated on his wife she remains incapable
of forgetting it. Why?”



“He’s a bastard who’s done it repeatedly.”
 “She experiences it emotionally as if it were the day before.”



“Yeah, yeah,” she said turning her head away from him.



Brazil was annoyed to the point of aggravation, but he was not satisfied.
The wait in the hospital was unbearable, though the Newcomer very much
wanted to remain in case Mallory awoke. He craved a cigarette, but he was
unable to leave his seat. He thought about having a drag, how refreshing it
would be, and then he realized that he had not eaten for some time. He
thought about it again, and he realized that he had not eaten in a few days.
While he had imbibed no alcohol, he had also not drank any other
beverage. A few more thoughts made him aware that he was parched,
perhaps even dehydrated. What had he done? He remembered going to
Corpu-tech in order to clear his head, and he remembered his visit with
Mallory earlier, but he had slept for quite a while after that and when he
awoke, his head was clearer, he had forgotten something, buried it deep.
He remembered that he had talked at an unconscious Mallory, and he
recalled that he thought about Lumen Novum, his old school. Why had he
thought about that long-ago place he did not know certainly.



“Oh, that’s what it was,” he thought almost aloud.



The Newcomer walked to the mirror and straightened out his long hair,
brushed off his attire, which he had been wearing for two or three days
now, needed cleaning.



“You know what happened to him?” He pointed to Mallory. “You never said.”



“The fool, he didn’t watch where he was standing.”




He recognized that he had been partly responsible for Mallory’s condition.
“That miserable little slob couldn’t watch out where he was or what he was
doing,” he said angrily, and then he laughed out loud.



The Newcomer was then silent for some time. The brief moment of mirth
was followed by a long, melancholy quiet that rattled Brazil’s head like a
badly tuned instrument, but she did not want to hear what else he said. She
wanted only tranquility for the time being.



“Damn delivery-boy mugger,” he murmured.



Brazil did not know what he meant, and she did not care. She wanted him
to return to normal, though his normality used to be intolerable.



“Do you remember Capor?” he asked.
 Capor was a colleague of Brazil’s who had been declared legally blind.



“I don’t want to hear it.”



“Mallory reminds me of Capor.”



Capor had followed both the Newcomer and Brazil practically everywhere
they went. He was a clever man who had taken a liking to Brazil’s art and
technique, wanted to emulate her, but he was uncoordinated and awkward
with his hands. He also asked many ignorant questions, sometimes
unconsciously setting himself up for ridicule. Brazil loved the man dearly,
but he became somewhat of a nuisance, since the Newcomer had taken a
liking to Brazil and he was offering to become her patron. Brazil did not
want to disrupt her opportunity and she recognized the Newcomer’s
distaste for him.



Capor was an obstruction whom Brazil didn’t want to insult, a warm and
dear pest for whom Brazil had a great deal of affection and sympathy.
Having failed at bronze-crafting, Capor wrote poetry that left something to
be desired. He attended poetry recitals where he was welcomed with
hesitation and while Capor read, the Newcomer met his eyes with Brazil’s
when the words made little sense or the rhythms sounded out badly.
Provoked, she was unable to suppress a grin and at times she laughed
aloud and Brazil’s laughter appeared to hurt the




warmhearted pest. Still, the Newcomer continued to frown at Brazil around
the times when the poetry was particularly bad, and she laughed. She hit
him and scolded him, but the Newcomer merely sat amused. Brazil and the
Newcomer did not dislike Capor, but they wanted him to leave them at
peace. Twice Brazil explained to Capor that the two needed their space. At
that time, Brazil thought that perhaps a romantic relationship with the
Newcomer was possible. Capor informed her that she was mistaken,
another problem created for Capor. He rented an office-space near a
university where he labored over his poorly written poetry and he invited
both Brazil and the Newcomer to visit often. Brazil lacked the nerve, or
possessed too much grace, to refuse. The Newcomer had warned Brazil
that he intended to put an end to their wretchedness, but at the time Brazil
did not believe him capable of anything untoward. When they arrived,
delighted to see them, Capor was a gracious host, but his near blindness
prevented him from offering much. Water and crackers were all he
possessed. Both sat passively for one-half hour or so, listening to Capor
rave about Brazil’s work, rant about his own. His office-space was littered
with trash and tools. Among the tools and metal sheets and rubbish, the
Newcomer found a length of tie-wire. He played with it for a bit, forming it to
different shapes until he was bored. He knotted up some spare string found
on the office floor and fastened it to one end of the wire. He formed the wire
into an arch and thrust the string about the office-space as though it were a
fly.Capor and Brazil were distracted by a conversation when opportunity
arose. Every so often, as Capor chatted with Brazil, the “fly” would touch
Capor’s temple on the right and then on the left. Blind to his tormentor,
Capor batted at the nuisance at first, but rather quickly he became irate.
Brazil watched as the Newcomer antagonized Capor with the “fly.” Unable
to suppress a laugh, she thought the trick unkind. Capor swore angrily at
the “fly” and he made several attempts to eradicate the pest to no avail, but
since Capor was no moron, he inferred what was happening. He heatedly
confronted the Newcomer who explained to him that he was merely joking,
that Capor was taking his torment personally. He claimed that anyone who
does not possess a sense of humor must have a psychological problem,
explained that he was attempting to cheer up Capor with levity, and he then
repeatedly claimed that Capor had no sense of humor because he did not
enjoy the “fly” jest. Brazil was unable, or unwilling, to defend either party
because of her relation to both of them. After that experience, Capor
bothered the pair less frequently until he eventually received them into his
presence not at all. Every so often, the Newcomer would remind Brazil
about Capor.



“I don’t want to hear about it.”
“Remember this? ‘Can you hear the fire in my voice? Can you feel it?’” He
quoted Capor’s best line.



The Newcomer laughed and Brazil was unable to suppress her laughter as
well. “That poor man.”




THE PURPLE DIVINITY'S JOYOUS
RAVINGS

Mallory did not awaken during their visit, and the pair decided that a search
for fools was in order for the night. They went their ordinary route, and
Brazil understood that all would be as it was. The Newcomer chose the
targets this night with his instinct alone, and mostly spontaneity was the
guiding force for the evening. The ordinary rigid control over events and
figures was absent. Unexpectedly, the gathering of fools provided a better
crop than usual. Perhaps the reason was the quality of taverns chosen, or
perhaps the night was filled with revel-makers who were of sturdy mind and
sound body. The Newcomer brought his beloved dogs with him and the
jaded Brown and the jaded Black received extra attention. He did not
command them as he ordinarily did, but rather they were rewarded simply
for being the animals that they were. Brazil was surprised, but she thought
that a more welcoming demeanor was an acceptable change to the thorny,
rigid existence he seemed to lead, however long the difference may
continue. The gathering consisted of a lawyer, a folk musician, a painter
with whom Brazil particularly enjoyed chatting, and a few others whose
occupations and dispositions were little explored. When the company
arrived at the Newcomer’s abode, the folk musician took an immediate
liking to the stage where, once he had procured an instrument, he began to
pluck and string. The small, eclectic crowd was prepared and receptive to
the making merry, and the moment just right. Brazil and the Newcomer
danced inexpertly and the undersized crowd was receptive once more to
the spun-yellow mood. Where there had been little joy prior, there now was
some mirth and where there had been boredom, now there were higher
spirits. The Xolos were in their element, prancing from guest to guest,
receiving favors and treats prepared and given to guests in order to bribe
the dogs. Dora sat passively for the most part, desiring attention from the
Newcomer alone. Once or twice, she begged for and received a barely
tolerated pat. When the dancing had ended, the Newcomer and the lawyer
chatted long about business and tax law. Brazil was taken with the young
woman painter whose interests seemed to mesh with her own. She and the




Newcomer enjoyed their city and its diversity. There they and their guest-
entourage might find the rigidity of city life or the mollified disposition of
Midwestern hospitality or any degree between the two, and they enjoyed
their degrees. Both took delight in literature and they had wished to find a
poetry- reading that suited their needs, but the scene was a difficult one.
Each coterie of poets had their own, sometimes unrecognized, initiation
rites and each time the pair began to visit a gathering of poets regularly,
they refused to conform or mocked the group--sometimes openly. The
result was that the two were regular visitors to poetry sites around the city,
but they were never permanent members. They actually enjoyed a good
deal of the writing, but there was a necessity to weed out the foul writings
from the fine and most times neither had the patience, though they had the
time, to do so. Their reputation among the various poetry coteries grew
sour and flat. Sometimes, the pair would sit in the foremost seats and stare
hard at the reader or whisper to one another, as they did with Capor. Brazil
would giggle. They might take notes while a poet read or



“You wrote that this very evening, didn’t you?” Brazil or the Newcomer
might say just loud enough that the poet was able to hear.



Some poets laughed and others paused in their reading, but the poetry that
was well-written and meaningful was left unmolested. Neither of the two
read any of their work, and Brazil enjoyed these times: that malice whose
home was commonly hers sent to another. It was thus that the
poetry-reading scene left the pair cold and dry after a time and having been
delightedly disinvited to a few gatherings, they pondered a new outlet for
their amusement. Since the pair regularly gathered bacchants to mix and
drown in lavender honey, they possessed, as they did now, at practically
any given time a group of ready revelers.



Brazil thought of a way that the two might amuse themselves alongside
their newfound comrades. During clear, cool March evenings such as this
one, they took their guests to Wheaton where Brazil had grown up. She
specifically targeted her old neighborhood, in a way dancing around the
house where her mother still lived. Brazil had arranged carols that a given
group might sing; she modified the song slightly and grew satisfied with its
content. After the chatting and the folk music and a few rounds of drinks,
some tuning of instruments, they were eager to begin. Since the gathering
was spontaneous, they were little prepared and so during their initial
rehearsal, not a single warbler sang in tune and most mispronounced the
words or simply did not sing certain portions, but
once the crowd settled into comradery, they became a group finely
arranged that not only sang all of the words, but even carried half of the
tune. Brazil learned that she ought to be satisfied with as much and their
provisional coterie meandered about Wheaton, door to door, knocking on
wooden entrances and singing:



He is sweet upon the cities.
 He drops to the boulevard from the running packs.
 He wears the blessed skin of drab-olive; hunts the wild homotherion and
kills it.
 He delights in street flesh.
 He runs to the swamped cities, to the cities of Homotheria he runs! He is
Pedai who leads us!
 Pedai! Pedai!
 With crude the city flows! It flows with wine!
 It runs with the blood of mercury!
 Like charred amber in its scent
 is the blaze of the torch he bears.
 Flames rise from his trailing staff
 as he runs, as he dances,
 kindling the idlers,
 spurring with cries,
 and his black curls stream to the wind!
 And he cries, as they cry, Pedai!
 On, Pedai!
 On, Pedai!
 Follow, glory of Pedai,
 hymning the other
 with a tumble of drums,
 with a cry, Pedai! To the industrialized god,
 with a peal of vacant cries,
when the blessed lute like honey plays
the sacred warbling of those who go
to the cities!
to the cities!



During these songs, the Newcomer, his hair down and flowing, carried a
torch while directing the hastily choreographed dance of the chortling
warblers, and at one house near the end of their caroling Brazil managed to
choreograph a group




dance performed while the song progressed; the Other ran and the dance
made bonded delight. As often as not, their reverie was met with silence,
dumbfoundedness, anger, or vacuous ignorance, but the people of
Wheaton for the most part welcomed the warbling revelers. And Brazil with
her Newcomer welcomed the new members; joy never seemed brighter
and more fulfilling than within that group of strangers whose association
was strong because temporary. After they returned to the Newcomer’s
abode, the sun arose before anyone wished to depart, and when the
guests had left, the pair laughed to one another that the night had been a
success.



“That is how every night ought to be.”



And before the pair had decided to rest, Brazil donned her nightgown and
sat to talk with the Newcomer. He had been alert and energetic all night,
and she had been surprised that he teased no-one, his acerbity in
remission. He prepared himself for bed, donning his pajamas and plaid
green robe. They talked about how fruitful this crop had been, how they
would invite the same group to partake again. He seemed serious and his
demeanor changed, or rather it returned and then suddenly he arose and
walked along the long hallway his face floorward. He made few sounds,
seemed to have been afflicted something buried but now arrived at the top
of his senses, as if to disrupt the mirth created by the charming, delighted
company and the springtime caroling. He ran to the bathroom and Brazil
was able to hear the ululating groans of a man vomiting. Dismayed, she,
Dora alongside her on her ledge, carefully maneuvered themselves around
the presence of the Newcomer leaning over the bathroom sink. Their eyes
met through the mirror and Brazil was able to discern a look of fear and
antipathy on the man’s face, as if he had witnessed a murder of kin. He
quickly turned his face away from hers while Dora reached down one of her
paws, demanding that he carry her to his level. He jerked his frame away
from the animal and at the same time pushed her off balance with the result
that she slipped more than dropped onto the bathroom floor.



“Something wrong?” Brazil interrupted. And the savage tone returned.
 “Nothing. It’s nothing. Leave me be.”



“I was only concerned.”




She thought.
“We were concerned,” referring to Dora.
The Newcomer glanced at his animal who had obstinately climbed atop the
commode and was seeking his attention again with an outstretched paw.
He grabbed the animal and held her tight against him in a seeming apology,
then he dropped her gently, satisfied, to the floor where she trotted an exit
out of the bathroom.



“You were so cheerful today I thought I’d drop dead from shock.” She
teased him.



“I am as capable of warmth as you!” he bellowed.



The vehemence of his reaction startled Brazil, but she had become
accustomed to him; the one who had danced and been so jovial was the
one to whom she was unaccustomed. She wondered at his swing of mood.



“Go to bed. Stop pestering me.”



The next morning when Brazil awoke, her first thought was to check on the
Newcomer. She thought perhaps it might be a bad idea, but she was too
concerned to deny him the attention. She walked quietly to his room where
the door was ajar. Nervously concerned, she pushed it slightly in order to
observe his bed, but she found him absent from his comfortable sleeping
place. She searched his home, looking for the troubled man, but he was
nowhere to be found. She cleaned herself and dressed for the day,
intending to return to her studio and art. Her day was spent nervously
arranging and rearranging her work at the gallery. She did not encounter
the odd old man who had chatted with her the previous day, and she felt
somewhat disappointed, somewhat relieved. Her work was tedious it might
seem, but a bliss to her, and when Brazil had arranged her bronze figures
to her satisfaction for that day, she gave herself a rest. The time was the
number two and she settled down on the floor atop some blankets in order
to relax. She was roused by the sound of a woman wandering about the
exhibit floor in high heels. The apparently conventional woman wore
business clothes.




“Hello.”
 “Oh, hello, nice to see you again.”



And Brazil recognized the woman artist from the night previous. She had
dressed much differently then, khaki and black. They had chatted about
their respective pursuits long and the woman had promised to visit Brazil’s
exhibit. Brazil did not believe the woman would appear at her site so soon.



“I wanted to see what you were talking about.”



“Oh, yes, I’ve been trying to find the perfect narrative for the arrangement,”
Brazil returned.



Brazil looked around at what she had accomplished, again unsatisfied.
“These pieces are just beautiful. Your descriptions don’t do them justice.”
The woman ran her hand along the body and face of the Dionysian figure
who led the narrative.



“Thank you.”



“I’m sorry, I know I'm not supposed to touch, but I can’t help myself. The
figures are so lifelike and yet they seem grotesque. That is intended, right?”



“It is.” Brazil smiled.
 “I would love to show you my current piece. I just finished it.”



“Is that the one you told me about?” asked Brazil.



“Oh, no, no. This one is finished. It is a post-impressionistic piece, I guess
you might say.”



The woman drove Brazil to the north side of the city. There the
surroundings were vastly improved from the gallery where Brazil exhibited
her work. Her new acquaintance was a financially independent Northsider
who had a great deal of time on her hands. Her home was large, but
modest. She directed Brazil to her
studio, which was similar to Brazil’s. The painting she showed to Brazil was
done in the post impressionistic style, lively colors. Provocative, it depicted
a man in an alleyway stabbing another man, but the picture was difficult at
first to discern. The dark of the alley contrasted wildly with the vibrant
colors of the assailed man and the assailant was composed of dark
colored, wide brush- strokes, as if emerging from the alleyway obscurity.
The peculiar aspect of the painting was that the faces of the men ought to
have been clearly visible to an observer standing so close as Brazil and her
friend, but no details were available. The title of the piece was “Witness.”
Brazil was fascinated by the idea of a lack of comprehension at the point of
what was supposed to be absolute clarity.



“And of course the title is appropriate,” she thought.



Excited at the prospect of discussing art with this outrageous and ordinary
woman, Brazil felt the vibration of her phone, and she was animated
quickly. The display on her cell read “X.” She unfolded it.



“Hello. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. No, no. Alright.” She closed her cell phone.



“I have to go,” she explained.



“You must come again and bring your boyfriend with you,” the woman said
in a charming fashion.



“Yes, yes.”
Brazil was again concerned about the Newcomer. He had, in the past,
made sudden demands, but his voice sounded odd this time, as if he were
on the verge of tears but was unable to admit to it. She made her way as
fast as possible to Corpu-tech where he claimed to be, found him in his
office. The Brown and the Black were wandering about the outer space of
the office, the employees afraid to discipline--some afraid to even
touch--them. She rounded up both animals and led them into his office
where she saw that the Newcomer was clad in the same clothes he had
worn the night previous, head buried in his hands.



“Hello.” He greeted her with a damp, pleading smile.




“What’s going on?”
 “Just having fun here at Corpu-tech.”



He seemed to have thrown darts against the window of the office; his jacket
lie on the floor and one of his shoes was missing.



“Really, what is your problem? Where were you all day?”



Half of the Newcomer’s long hair fell down across his face as he leaned
over his desk. He sat, and leaned himself back in his chair while he
groaned.
“I was defending myself.”
 “From what? What are you talking about?”



The Newcomer did not answer and Brazil sighed exasperation.



“I am not able to help you, if you don’t tell me any thing,” she asserted.



The Newcomer came to Brazil and cupped her shoulder in his hand. He
bent over and hugged the woman who recognized that he had not slept all
night. The next few weeks were a repetition of similar events. The
Newcomer regained his composure with Brazil’s assistance, and just when
he appeared to have recovered, she would find him thrown to despair,
disheveled or pleading forgiveness from some shade. She once found him
digging through garbage.



“Dumpster diving,” he said.



Again and again, she found ways to bring him back to his senses, but she
recognized a peculiar pattern. He would regain his senses until the subject
of Mallory arose in conversation, or when they visited him. He made certain
that Mallory had the best care, even treated his mechanic as if he were one
of his own. Brazil even became annoyed at the preferential treatment
afforded the drunken opportunist. Still, she continued to bring the
Newcomer back to his senses and she recognized that he muttered certain
phrases, or certain very similar phrases, over and over again when he had
these episodes.
“Only protecting myself”, “Delivery-boy mugger”, “Ignorant slob” were
particular favorites.



The pair continued their gathering of fools, and, assisted by the Newcomer,
Mallory convalesced in his home, but the comradeship and revelry that they
attained that one day was rarely successfully imitated, never repeated.
Brazil noted that the gatherings were becoming more frequent, as if the
Newcomer were looking much harder for something that he had always
been seeking. He confessed to her that he had thought Mallory was the
one he sought, but he remained uncertain, thought that he would find this
person more by accident or instinct than anything else. Once, when the
Newcomer was in a particularly deep testiness, he smashed several chairs
in his penthouse, the animals running frightened. Always, he calmed down
and out of the ordinary he sometimes apologized to Brazil, but especially to
his animals who at times bore the brunt of his ravings, if not physical
abuse. He harmed no-one and was profoundly regretful after his outbursts,
which was out of the ordinary. Eventually, Brazil became wearied and
emotionally worn down. She was uncertain how to contend with him, since
he was always rather unmanageable. Unable to manage himself, he might
cause great harm.



Thus their bond.
TARNISH BROWN THE YELLOW
GIANT

Leon Ochrowskovich did not understand his predicament at all, no not at
all. He had met with Dareios over the course of the last few months and
Dareios wanted information about him and Corpu-tech operations. Well, to
be sure Leon provided information about the workings of Corpu-tech and
such a man as Adder Dareios always benefitted from bits of intelligence
about rival companies, but Corpu-tech was hardly the caliber of business
entities owned or operated by Dareios Inc.



“No, no. Not at all, not at all.”



Leon was confused indeed, but perhaps he knew what was happening at
the same time. Leon met with him at lunch semi-regularly. He always
treated Leon to some of the best food that he had eaten and indeed the
restaurant was an elegant spectacle with its many-course meals and shirts
and ties immaculately cleaned and the perfectly ordered tables. Leon was
in Nirvana with his belly full and his aesthetic exquisite, and Dareios
appeared to treat him as though he were at least a valuable contact, if not
an equal. It was thus that Leon informed Adder about the workings of
Corpu-tech: that there had been no downsizing, that the company did not
seem to generate income but remained financially stable. Once informed of
these facts, Dareios inquired about the politics of Corputech: who did what
when, when and where did the Newcomer arrive.



Leon, the ultimate insider, knew most of the details. He had noticed that the
Newcomer was coming into the office more frequently. He did not assume a
managerial role, but rather the Newcomer appeared, frequently shadowed
later by the large, orange-red streaked woman, planted himself in his office
with the door closed and then emerged hours later only to depart until the
next day or even the day after that. Leon explained to Dareios that the
Newcomer seemed to be disheveled.




“I assume such a man to be ordinarily quite well-kept, yes, well kept, and
immaculately dressed, certainly aesthetically proper. But, he seems to have
it rough, yes, yes, I do mean rough. I will tell you everything and hold
nothing back.”



Leon knew few details of the reason for the Newcomer's condition , but
Adder was delighted to listen.



“Of course, I am not happy that he’s having a bad time, but I am hopeful
that I may be able to help him, as I have done for others. I know the rigors
of entrepreneurship and how they affect a young man,” Dareios reassured
a well- intended Leon.



Leon was overjoyed that he had provided much-needed information to
Dareios, but Dareios was not really sponsoring Leon’s project; he was
merely receiving information, and Leon had reservations about sharing
information regarding Corpu-tech. That he was betraying a trust kept Leon
awake at night sometimes. He cared for practically everyone who crossed
his path, like Felina and Hal Joysticker, and he had done so almost all of
his life. His father had died when Leon was a boy and, emotionally
speaking, he had cared for his mother ever since. He had suspected that
women avoided romantic relationships with him because he had a close
bond with his mother.



“They compete with the mother, they do. I’ve seen it.”



He listened attentively to many women complain about their boyfriends or
their fathers, and when they had purged their emotions, they departed most
times only to meet precisely the same sort of emotional thief from which
they had freed themselves, ignoring the yellow-spun, gregarious giant of a
man before them. Leon also cared for his superiors, like the Brigade. He
was, in fact, continuing his association with Adder in order to keep the
Brigade from becoming involved more deeply in intrigue. And now he was
concerned about his superior, the Newcomer. Still, Leon had little choice.
He would be unable to defend himself against the assault of a man like
Dareios who wielded so much power. Thus did Leon obsess over his bond
with the powerful man repeatedly, and still



“I’ll tell them that everything will be fine, just fine. And I’d reassure them that
all of their disagreements are mere wind and smoke. Yes, wind and smoke,
that’s




all they are.”
Leon agonized over his situation for more weeks as Dareios inquired
further about Corpu-tech, but there was nothing more to tell. He explained
that he might not be of any more real assistance to the great man and in
the process the project that Leon had been completing for years faded into
the recess of his concerns. He did, however, believe that he was able to
perform a service to both Mr. Dareios and the Newcomer. He thought that if
he were able to bring the two men together, both might benefit. And, if
things went well, that is if they were genteel and kind to one another as one
might naturally expect, Leon’s position would be itself elevated and though
Leon always did, yes did always, wish and attempt the best for everyone,
he remained an ambitious man, yes he did. Now, the trouble, the trouble
was that Leon had no plan to bring the two men together. He thought that
he might persuade the Brigade to organize the company picnic somewhere
near Dareios or his office, but the picnic was some time away, and the
sooner the two men met the better, yes so much the better. Leon imagined
that he might arrange a meeting with the Newcomer and with Dareios at
the same time, but his ruse would then be obvious to both men and should
their bond be weak, or break, Leon would suffer for it.



“No, no, Leon must not suffer,” thought Leon.



How to arrange the meeting continued to plague Leon as had many other
machinations over the years. He did feel as though he was doing a service
here, yes a service to all, and everyone might benefit.



“Yes, yes, it is all a good enterprise, but how?”



Leon then imagined that if he simply approached both men, told them that
he knew they would be a fine team, they might react well and have the best
of relationships, but then Leon thought--yes Leon was careful--he thought
that if the Newcomer were to inquire about how Adder Dareios associated
with Leon, his superior might become suspicious, or worse, he might even
guess that Leon had an agreement with Dareios, and disclosure of his
bond with Dareios would bring disaster upon Leon. Leon decided that he
did not like involvement in intrigue such as now plagued him.



“No, not at all.”




Still, he continued to wonder how he might bring the two men together.



“Why am I unable to be honest with both men?” he wondered.



Now, the trouble, the trouble with honesty was not the honesty itself, no not
that at all. The trouble with honesty was that all would be there on the table
for all to see, and Leon may not fare well in that instance. Also, the Brigade
would become very nervous about who knows what and what happens due
to whose knowledge. Leon must be careful not to involve the Brigade, and
of course he must ensure that the Newcomer be pleased, and Dareios
must profit, and most of all Hal and Felina must be able to continue their
employment at Corpu-tech. Everything rested on Leon’s shoulders, and he
was determined to make everything good, yes make it all good for
everyone. Leon came to his decision one morning shortly after he had
awoken. It seemed to him that he had thought about the matter all night
and had arrived at a decision after a long deliberation with himself.
“I will simply approach each man and tell him that they simply must meet.”
He was resolute.
 “I will make my goal in life to forge a strong bond between them.”



Again, Leon did not know how to go about it precisely, but he was resolute,
yes resolute indeed. He thought that he would first approach the
Newcomer, since he was readily available. Leon waited and watched. He
knew that the Newcomer typically arrived in the office during the late
morning followed a few hours later by the large red-orange woman whose
name Leon continued to forget. Leon thought that he might chat with his
superior before she arrived, yes that will be the right time, the correct time
that is. Thus, one fine Wednesday morning, late, around the number eleven
and thirty he rapped lightly on the office door of the Newcomer. He heard
no response, so Leon knocked again, this time a bit louder than prior. He
heard no noise, but the louder rap opened the door. He peered in, seeing
that the Newcomer sat alone, his back to the door. His chair faced the office
window, which was practically the entire wall-space.



“Hello.” Leon began meagerly.
 He shuffled nervously into the room, looking about this way and that. He




attempted to take everything in that he was able, memorizing.



“Are you in, that is, are you here...”
The Newcomer turned his chair round so that he faced Leon who grew
startled at his appearance, but Leon retained his composure. His clothes
were clean and his face well-shaven, but the mien of the Newcomer was
different. He sagged in his chair as if some air had been let out of him. He
appeared haggard and his ordinary vigor was absent.



“What do you want, Leon?”
 “I came to...well...you see I have arrived here...I...”



“As you can see, I am very busy here.”



There were no papers on his desk, nothing to indicate that the Newcomer
was engaged in any work.



“Well, sir, I will come right out and say it, yes, I will. After all, there is no
need to hold back and I will tell everything, yes, openness and honesty will
reign this day.”



“Leon...”



“I wish to say that I believe you and another man I have come to know may
make an unbeatable team. That is, I have the utmost respect for you both
and both are industrious figures...”



“Who, or what, are you talking about?”
“I mean to say, that is, the man I mean is Adder Dareios who seems to me
to have an interest in you as well.”



Leon let the last part slip almost without notice. He was accustomed to
telling all and all would be told so that everyone would benefit, but he
ordinarily told all through a series of phases, not all at once as he just did,
producing a situation that may prove volatile. Leon needed to remain calm,
yes he did. The Newcomer’s ordinary tenebrous appearance seemed to
Leon the ochre giant to




be exasperated by a darker presence, a weight on the man’s wits. The skin
on his face took on more the appearance of leather. As if a man staggered
by dismay, he leaned back in his chair a bit while he patted one of his
green-collared dogs. The animals alone inspired a grin on



his chiseled face.
“Now, how do you know Adder Dareios?”



Leon had prepared himself for this moment, but now that it had come he
stumbled.



“I have had...well...that is I met the man at a gathering...” “A gathering?”
And running with it, “Yes, and I have been fortunate enough to meet with
him. A remarkable man, a truly remarkable man, I understand.”



“And, you want to do what?”



“Well, you see it occurred to me that you and he are in a sense kindred
spirits.”



The Newcomer obviously did not find the implication pleasing.



“That is to say that you and he are on equal footing, you see. He is an
entrepreneur like you...”



“I am not an entrepreneur and I might add that he is self-made. I make my
self.”



Leon was not certain what this meant but



“Well, I’ll be honest with you, sir. I believe that men of stature ought to
associate with men of stature. It seems to me that you might forge a
powerful bond.”



The Newcomer knitted his brows as he rose from his chair. He tapped his
fingernails on his desk and then he gazed at the greencollared Brown Xolo
who had set himself down near the exit to the office. He approached the
dog and
massaged its side. The animal responded with a tail-wag and “Rhumpfh.”



“Leon, I want you to leave my office,” he said in an irri tated tone without
looking up.



“Yes, yes of course, sir, but just consider...” “Go.”



“Just consider that you may need the companionship and I know that he
recognizes the rigors of entrepreneurship and its affects on young men,”
Leon said rapidly.



The Newcomer turned aggressively away from the animal, and Leon,
sensing that his welcome had ended, exited the office faster than one might
imagine a tawny gregarious giant might be able. The next few weeks were
pure torture for Leon who felt as if he had not only failed, but that his real
association with Dareios might be revealed. Again, he thought of ways to
bring the two men together as he watched the Newcomer arrive and depart
each day, or every other day as the case may be. Each day drew the
Newcomer further into what appeared to be impending implosion--sleeping
sprawled out on his office floor, disappearing for days, wildly inebriated.
The large orange-red woman who accompanied him less and less was
almost as harried as he. Leon thought that he might chat with her.
Thus their bond.




PURPLE TREATMENT FOR THE
UNFORTUNATE

Mallory’s head hurt. He had been awoken in the early morning by the
sound of something smashed on the floor of his home. The Newcomer had
insisted that he support Mallory in his convalescence, and Mallory was glad
that he was willing to do whatever was necessary in order that he be
comfortable, but there were incidents that made him anxious. He wanted a
closer bond to this wealthy, wellconnected person. He might be able to
drive a wedge between him and that fat bitch who hovered above and
around him as it were some comic-strip witch. Mallory’s body still ached a
bit when he moved or when he performed ordinary tasks, but the exercises
he did and the medication that he took strengthened his body and numbed
his mind sufficiently. He had been surprised that the Newcomer visited him
so often; had assisted personally bringing Mallory back to his apartment
and even minor details that Mallory never tended were now no concern for
Mallory at all. The Newcomer was talkative, and to Mallory’s surprise, jovial.
In fact, Mallory did not know how to interpret the Newcomer’s attitude at
first. He suspected that he would begin his usual mocking, but he continued
to see to Mallory’s every need. Mallory noted that the Newcomer appeared
to be somewhat deflated since his accident with the engine hoist, some
useful change.
The Newcomer brought his jade-collared animals with him almost
everywhere-- Mallory decided was not particularly fond of them--but at least
they were dogs. He would not have been able to contend with that cat who
ran around the Newcomer’s penthouse just out of reach; sometimes he
wanted a pellet-gun to drive the animal out of sight--hit it right in the ass.
Mallory even began to enjoy the visits of the Newcomer, not only because
they appeared to annoy Brazil, but also because the animals were
therapeutic. The two dogs had a particularly joyous time running after
green balls that the Newcomer threw about Mallory’s home. They also
heartily enjoyed games of tug with a rubber chew-pull toy, entertainment
which was true therapy. Mallory grudgingly enjoyed the green




tug-toy game with the Brown Xolo who favored him as well, the dog
attempting to drag Mallory out of his chair or bed. Mallory noticed as well
that Brazil was in as sorry a state as the Newcomer. He teased her at times
with the knowledge that they were both at odds with circumstances. What
orange-clad joy it was. And there presented itself another opportunity for
Mallory. The red-orange fat woman was accustomed to chatting with the
Newcomer in private, but since Mallory’s accident, the Newcomer appeared
to share more with Mallory. It even seemed to Mallory that he was barred
from no conversation, but that Brazil was present when they chatted.



“I had a strange visit from Leon the other day,” the Newcomer observed.
Brazil merely laughed, expecting the Newcomer to do the same.



“Who do you mean?” asked Mallory.
“You remember the large, friendly man who did a lot of the talking at the
Mazurka?”



“The one who looks like a giant dandelion?” “He wanted me to meet with
Adder Dareios.”



“What?” Brazil seemed surprised.



“He said that the man had been inquiring about me and that he thought
Dareios and I might ‘forge a strong bond.’”



The idea amused the Newcomer.



“That clown has got to go. You said so yourself,” Brazil interjected.



Mallory recalled the title of her sketch “Drunken Opportunist.” “I don’t know.
He seemed to pull everyone together.”



The Newcomer was silent, but pensive.
“What?! We make fun of that guy in our spare time.
‘Mere wind and smoke, yes, wind and smoke is all,’” Brazil quoted
derisively. The Newcomer remained silent.



“I think he’s not a bad guy, once you get used to him,” Mallory added.



“He’s an oaf.”
 Mallory was thoroughly enjoying himself.



“He seems to have everyone’s best interests at heart. I had a friend like him
once. He was annoying most of the time, but when the cards were down,
he was there for you.”



Mallory mixed his metaphor with a lie, but all for a good cause. Thus their
emerging bond.




A BLACKENED YELLOW AND A
TAWNY BLACK

Leon remained unsure how he would contend with his current predicament.
He had showered properly this morning; all had gone well. The bathroom
steamed perfectly and he had achieved the suitable proportion of hot and
cold water-mixture so that as the room steamed, just enough of the vapor
exited through the small window inside of the shower-cell. He would be
able to observe himself in the mirror without the cumbersome necessity of
wiping its surface with a towel. He lathered heavily, naturally a tawny scent,
and his ordinary half- hour of shower soaking was quite pleasant. He had
also opened the door of the bathroom at precisely the correct time in order
that once he clothed himself, he felt comfortable, not an ounce of sweat or
smell disturbed his perfectly cologned existence. The ride to work: perfect.
The walk along the street, watching the pedestrians, and the morning air:
exquisite. Everything had gone well until he arrived in the office that
morning. Leon greeted Felina.



“Felina the great.”



He chatted with Hal Joysticker and the Brigade about the Bulls. All of those
interactions and necessities went well. He noted that the Newcomer had
arrived early in his office, that the dogs were with him, this time not running
about the office. Leon wanted to chat with the Newcomer once again, but
he recalled painfully that the man was most times unpredictable. Leon
wondered whether the Newcomer obtained good sleep regularly, from the
look of things present probably not. And Leon inferred that his state of
insomnia must be atypical, since he did not strike Leon as a man who was
concerned enough for anything to disrupt his slumber. He was about to
knock on the door to the Newcomer’s office when he realized that he did
not have a prop with him. Leon occasionally needed some kind of tool, a
piece of clothing, even a pen or pencil, to hold so that he might comfortably
fidget while he chatted. It allowed him to relax and he was then able to
converse and to persuade, even to charm, without hindrance.
Today, Leon needed a cup of water to drink, to place on a counter, to
retrieve and even perhaps to toast or to use to point out a fine picture or
refer to a good thought. He would be able to sip, and therefore delay, his
conversation so that he had time to think, but the water became the first
obstacle that barred him from good humor for most of the day. He returned
to the entrance of the office where was located the water-cooler, jug on its
head that it is. He pushed down the knob as he always did, but no water
trickled out. Leon smacked the plastic foundation within which the jug sat,
but only a few lingering drops of water dripped along into his waiting cup.
He did not at first panic, since there must be water-jugs waiting to be
depleted. He asked Felina



“Where are the water-jugs?” “Where they always are?”



She led him to the storage-closet where several empty jugs sat, waiting to
return to the water company in order to be refilled. Leon and Felina looked
about, but there were no full water-jugs that Leon might sit atop the plastic
foundation of the water-cooler where, its substance depleted, it might assist
him in his endeavor today. The lack of jugged water was distressing.



Certainly, Leon was capable of sleeping soundly when his job was
threatened. Assuredly, he was able to save Corpu-tech while maintaining a
balancing act between sharing information with the Brigade, charming a
dangerously unpredictable magnate, and chatting amicably with a superior
whose thorny personality assailed everyone. But because he had no
suitable prop, Leon began to panic. He shuffled through the empty
water-jugs, hoping that Felina and he had missed the only full jug in the
closet. He looked again and again, even shaking the jugs in order to
determine how much water might be inside. None were present. Leon ran
back to the water-cooler, looking around to see if any half-depleted jugs
might be there. None present. He returned to the closet only to find that
Felina had not only departed, but she was now located at her desk, tending
her own tasks once more.



“Why did you leave?” he yelled at more than asked Felina. She gave him
an incredulous look, then sighed.



“Sorry, Leon.”




The two then returned to the water-closet where Felina opened the door,
her eyes rolling about in her head. Leon once again searched the pile of
water-jugs for one that might possess some small amount of needed liquid.
He was in mid- panic at this time.



“Why don’t you just get some water from the bath room?” Felina asked.



Leon was on his knees, looking under a shelf that held up photocopy paper.
His rust corduroy jeans were becoming unkempt and he thought he was
able to detect the slight emanation of sweat on his person. More and more
aggravated, he remained calm. He did not comprehend why Felina of all
persons did not understand his predicament.
“I must have a prop, yes, I must have a prop.” “So, get a prop. Take a
pencil with you.”



“No. Water! I need water today.”
 “Get some water from the bathroom sink. Drink that.”



Again, Leon was unable to fathom Felina’s ignorance. He turned his head
toward her while he remained kneeling.



“Are you mad? I can’t drink water from the bathroom. I must have liquid
from a proper water-jug,” Leon said calmly, though he was quite upset.



Leon rushed back to the water-cooler where several thoroughly examined
water- jugs resided under a table, and he once more rummaged through
the empty containers, this time wildly throwing some of them out of his way
and rolling others out into the hall and around the desks of his fellow
employees who stared back at him. Ordinarily, of course, Leon was
annoyingly optimistic, even unrealistic in the face of certain disaster, which
he most-times narrowly avoided. But now...



“You’re crazy.”
Leon ignored Felina and continued to rummage and spill water-jugs into the
hallway until there were no remaining empty containers to fling. Felina was
incredibly dense today.



“Get some damn water from Heisters downstairs.” Fe lina was referring to a
local convenience store located in the same building.



Leon paused and stared out into space for a moment. Perhaps bottled
water would suffice, but he wasn’t certain that it would be adequate.
Conceivably, if he poured the water into the cup that he regularly used to
contain water-jug water, he might be able to do it. Just as suddenly as Leon
had crawled onto the storage- closet floor, he arose and began hurriedly
placing the empty jugs back where they had been.



“Felina, get me some of that water,” he commanded more than asked.



Felina did not like the tone that Leon took with her, but because Leon was
Leon, she overlooked his attitude this particular time and walked calmly
and slowly downstairs in order to purchase bottled water, her speed being
Leon’s punishment. Leon dusted himself off and washed his face in the
bathroom. He wetted a bathroom towel and ran the damp paper over the
clothes that had kissed the floor of the office.



“Not in perfect order, but presentable enough, yes, presentable enough,” he
thought to himself.



Leon was pacing back and forth near his cubicle when Felina arrived with
the desired liquid. He had grown worried wondering how the procurement
of a small amount of liquid could take so long for an adult female. He dared
not complain to Felina, since he knew that she would not receive criticism
lightly at this particular time, accurate though it may be.



“No, no, time to be calm. Relax and smile gracefully,” he told himself.



Leon rapped on the door to the Newcomer’s office, since he was prepared
now for his encounter. His dress was immaculate and hair perfectly
sculpted; he carried the water-cup in his hand and he had even taken some
sips from it in order to say truthfully that he wanted refreshment, but no
answer returned.




Curious, yes, curious indeed.



He was able to observe that warm bodies of amicable creatures with jade
collars moved within--the dogs seemed to be wandering about--yet the
form of man remained motionless in the office chair. Leon thought that the
Newcomer was a damned peculiar man, quite peculiar undeniably. Still,
Leon knew that he was helping his superior, and that was what remained
important. His efforts were always well-intended and he was a welcome
sight to those who associated with him; it was a matter of course that
almost everyone liked him, recognized the good graces that surrounded
Leon. Leon thus felt perfectly comfortable easing the door open after he
had rapped twice, received no answer and perceived little motion within.
When he entered, the Newcomer paid little heed to Leon, but sat peering
forward in an apparent attempt to examine documents in front of him. Leon
was uncertain, yes uncertain, about what he ought to do next. He had
opened the door, and he found himself in the strange place out on the edge
of the Newcomer’s awareness. He was certain to be observed, soon, and
he had rapped on the door, encountered no reaction and presently helped
himself to an entrance. Were he to close the door, he would be observed.
Were he to move, his motion certainly would bring the tawny giant’s
presence to the center of the Newcomer’s awareness. Leon felt as if he
were unable to budge; he was even unable to sip from his water-cup in
order to relax himself enough to determine how to extricate himself from
this potentially embarrassing position. He continued to stare at the
Newcomer, dumbfounded.



“LEON, WHAT DO YOU WANT?!” suddenly emerged from an irate
Newcomer’s mouth.



Leon instinctively sipped his absurd refreshment and followed the gesture
by dropping the container, which bounced off of his foot and poured cool
liquid into the fine, tawny, suede shoe that adorned so delicately his
massive foot. Leon bent down in order to retrieve the cup, which was
practically empty, and he managed a kind of bumble-some boogie as the
cup refused to surrender its freedom to his well-manicured hand. As a
result, he did not reply immediately to the question of the Newcomer, but
stood bent-over on the threshold of unemployment,shifting his weight back
and forth. Ordinarily, such clowning would amuse the Newcomer.



“I am glad to...that is I...,” Leon managed to express,
still bent over.



He managed to tame the renegade water-cup, the fluid remaining on the
floor before him. He stood straight and observed a rather disheveled young
man who had apparently been observing some paperwork on his desk.
Leon edged more closely towards the Newcomer.



“I HAVE NO TIME FOR THIS,” the Newcomer added.



“Oh, yes, sir, I mean to say that I simply wished that you and I might chat.
You see, quite honestly, yes quite hon estly, I am, as you have no doubt
already surmised, a bit of a talker. I wished only to know only what I might
be able to do for you...,” Leon managed to stammer out, having been
thrown off by his inadequate entrance and the absence of water in his prop.



“LEON, GET OUT OF MY OFFICE AND DO NOT RETURN,”
 the Newcomer raged suddenly, his tone not in keeping with the severity of
the event.



“In fact, Ochrowskovich, I want you to go to your desk and pack your
belongings. You are no longer a part of this office.” The Newcomer
expressed himself in a soft-spoken rage.



Leon himself was taken aback by the strength of the response. He did not
know what to do, but “I only wanted...” he managed.
“Go now, Leon” was the quietly raged response.



Leon quickly exited the office and assessed the damage to his suede shoe,
his joblessness not yet registering in his mind. He removed his soaked
shoe and having alighted to the lavatory, he wrapped it in bathroom towels,
hoping that the water would seep into the absorbent paper.



“Expensive loss” went through Leon’s head.



And while he was pressing the paper onto the leather,
“...go to your desk and pack your belongings...” ran over the crest of his
mind.




Leon paused while he pondered what those words mean. He recognized
that the Newcomer was often in rather mean spirits, but the present
occasion appeared to be somewhat worse than usual. Leon wondered if
the Newcomer might actually be serious about firing him. The very idea
seemed absurd on its face, but it was possible that Leon would be
unemployed in the morning, that is if he had not already lost his job. The
shoe was drying out properly--it seemed--and at least that much was right
in the world. Still, Leon began to think about his mother and how he was
their primary source of income. He wondered what he would say to her
when he returned home, and fear fell down into his belly. There are hospital
bills and mortgage payments, taxes and miscellaneous expenses that
required tending, and for the first time Leon began to feel nervous during a
crisis; he had, after all, always worked at Corpu-tech. He was unable to
leave. At least, that was how it seemed. He walked to his cubicle and
observed that the Newcomer had not yet removed himself from his
self-imposed solitude in his office. Leon considered talking with Felina
about his predicament, but he believed she would create more anxiety than
she relieved, having a tendency to overreact, Leon thought. Her reaction
this morning about his need for proper water proved her lack of empathy as
well. Felina was a fine person, but there were times when she yelled at
Leon for no good reason.



“Yes, Felina will only blame me for this unforeseen predicament,” he
thought.



Perhaps he would be able to chat with the Brigade about what he ought to
do, Leon thought.



“No, the Brigade will react in the same unreasonable way that Felina does,”
he considered.



It was odd how these two very different persons reacted in a remarkably
similar manner to situations in which Leon found himself. It wasn’t as if
Leon had not assisted the two of them in the past. He thought about it for a
moment and then he realized that he ought to consider a plan of action on
his own. The notion that he must be alone in the matter was discomforting
to him but that he was unable to chat with anyone made him nervous to the
point of fidgeting. He walked to the back of the office-space, away from the
Newcomer’s office, all the while his chin in hand. Observing that the
Newcomer was unlikely to emerge from his office, Leon walked back to the
front of the office arena. The water-jug had by this time been replaced by
the nearly silent, thin adolescent male who bears such
things on a cart once per week. Now the water proved aggravating to Leon,
but he filled his water-cup nonetheless. He continued to ponder his next
action while he imagined scenarios of financial and psychological ruin. He
would be forced to leave the family of friends he had developed at
Corputech, if he lost his job. He may even be forced to work elsewhere, or
to sell some of his belongings in order to support himself and his mother.
His health was certain to deteriorate, since a good man must work in order
to prove his value to others.



“No, no I cannot go without working,” he thought, but maybe he said it
aloud.



While Leon considered his future, his belongings remained at his desk and
he began to pace about the office-space back and forth. Hal Joysticker
thought that Leon was behaving erratically, but then Leon always behaved
in an odd manner. Hal watched and listened as Leon passed by more than
four times.



“Shoes must stay fit.”
 “I’ll keep the drive, yes he’ll not deny me...he knows I deserve it.” “Mother
must dress well.”



Hal was likely to have heard Leon mumble as his gait became more and
more quick and his face reddened, deepening in hue to purple. Leon
stopped by the now-refilled water-jug at least five times while he refilled his
cup and planned his next maneuver.



“I must not see him now. The time is simply not ripe, no.”



Felina witnessed Leon’s meandering and recognized it for what it was. She
was not concerned, since Leon was so capable of extricating himself from
bad situations and she recognized that he must be contending with another
bad situation, like the one with the water-jug this morning.



“What a clown.”



Felina had not interacted much with the Newcomer; she thought the man
was eccentric and she suspected, perhaps rightly, that he was the difficult
kind. He had always been distant when he arrived, and that strange rotund
woman with the red- or orange-streaked hair and the dogs disturbed her
somewhat. She




remained distant from all of them, wanted to remain as far from them as
she was able, and she had experienced no trouble keeping the Newcomer
at a distance; he wanted nothing from her and he rarely talked with anyone
who didn’t initiate a conversation. He was aloof and in general
impenetrable, more for Felina to dislike and to project upon him. She
thought that Leon was a bit strange himself, but in an endearing way. She
did not believe that the Newcomer was capable of endearing himself to
anyone. And when she saw him over the past few weeks, she saw a man
who was agitated, more disruptive than usual. The Newcomer often
smelled of one or more kinds of alcohol, or particularly rancid nicotine.
Once, when she had seen him sleeping in the office, she noted that one of
the dogs had defecated in a corner away from the entrance to his office,
and he did nothing to remove it. When Felina saw it, after almost everyone
had departed, she noticed that it had been in that spot for at least a few
days, but no-one mustered the courage to remove it, or to inform the
Newcomer of its presence. Perhaps no-one paid any attention to it, or they
were apprehensive of a reaction. She gathered it in a plastic bag and
disposed of it in the office trash-bin. Felina was nothing if not sanitary. She
learned it from Leon, she did. Felina sometimes wished that he would go
back to where he came. She was therefore surprised to see the Newcomer
approaching her at her desk. He seemed less haughty in the manner he
talked to her, but he was apparently cheerless. He seemed slightly
deflated, a bit pathetic. And Felina felt a slight tinge of sympathy for him.



“Where is Leon’s station?” he asked Felina. She remained suspicious.



“His desk is over there.” Felina pointed to Leon’s im maculate work-station.



Leon himself sat at the desk, talking to no-one. The Newcomer thought at
first that Leon was using a hands-free line, or that he possessed an
earpiece that allowed him to chat with an invisible, yet real, person, but
when the Newcomer approached him, he realized that Leon was indeed
chatting with aether.



“...know that I deserve it, I’ll say. And he will agree” the Newcomer heard
when he approached Leon.
Leon ceased chatting when he recognized the incoming Newcomer, but he
did not immediately turn his head toward the man. Leon greeted him with a
contrite




countenance and stood up before him, as if facing royalty. Not even slightly
embarrassed, Leon rolled directly into what appeared to be a rehearsed
speech.



“Yes, sir, hello and good greetings to you. I realize you may object to my
continued presence here, but there are many good reasons why I’ve not
yet departed, and I wish that you would consider, simply consider, that my
employment at Corpu-tech is well worth the patience and investment...”



The Newcomer lifted his hand in the air, as if to ward off Leon’s barrage of
arguments. His air softened, the appearance of a kind expression emerged.
One was able to observe the fragility of the expression and the effort
exerted by the Newcomer.



“Leon, let me apologize for my behavior. I have been under great stress
recently and I am a bit out of sorts.”



Leon shifted his weight to the left.
“...I want you to remain at Corpu-tech and I hope you take no offense at my
words.”



The present thoughts were authentic, something about their tone, but Leon
was unsure whether he ought to take them seriously, or launch an assault
of words that might prevent the Newcomer from explaining that he was
fired anyway, or that he was joking.



Instead “I wish to make the humblest apologies myself,” he explained. “I
ought not have entered your office unbidden, a lesser man going to the
house of a better.” He laughed.



The Newcomer approached Leon and Leon’s initial impulse was to shrink
from the encounter. The Newcomer amicably placed his hand on the tawny
giant’s shoulder.



“I think one ought to get along with everyone possible. There is so much
strife,” the Newcomer mused aloud with his voice trailing off at the end of
his sentence. Leon was surprised to hear such sentiments and again his
initial reaction was to raise his guard and protect himself. He sensed that
the Newcomer’s words were authentic and he remained cautiously
optimistic, as usual.




“Oh, you’ve taken the words from my mouth,” Leon said.
“I wish to be a moral man. A good, moral man.”



Leon did not understand the Newcomer’s words, though he suspected they
related to whatever plagued him.



“Our morality is as organic as our life.” he stated. Leon gave the Newcomer
a puzzled expression. “We grow into it, you know,” he continued.
 The topic seemed to emerge from nowhere.



“You mean that we must act amorally before we can act morally?” Leon
asked.



“I mean maybe we merely grow and our decency is not possible without
baseness. No-one wishes to admit to its fragility. Perhaps morality is born, it
grows and it abides precariously balanced until we die, or until it fades or
vanishes.” The Newcomer stopped there.



"How does one grow in this manner?” Leon was genuinely curious.



“Bonds, I suppose.” The Newcomer wondered.



Leon sensed an initial irritation in the Newcomer. He listened civilly, even
with an affable interest. Yet Leon resisted the urge to encompass the man
with a massive bear-hug. That was too much, yes, too much.
“I’ve always embraced whoever will allow me to em brace them,” Leon
continued. “I wish only to do what is right in the world, you see.” He went
on.



The Newcomer turned away from Leon and Leon suspected that the man
had




had enough, that his usual character resurfaced, but the Newcomer
motioned to Leon to follow him into his office. The two men sat down at the
direction of the Newcomer, Leon onto a recliner beside the Newcomer’s
desk and the Newcomer onto a sofa nearby. The proximity of the men was
unusual, but Leon was in his element. They chatted affably long into that
afternoon and found that they shared an interest in technology, though the
Newcomer was critical of it. Leon had researched the Talbot-Lago for just
such an occasion and they were thus able to chat about one of the
Newcomer’s projects. At one point, the Newcomer asked about the
employees of Corpu-tech and the history of the company; and Leon
surrendered what information he possessed without betraying any
significant trust.



“Who is able to judge the character of a man?” Leon thought to himself as
he noted in passing some of the documents on the Newcomer’s desk. “Are
you invest ing?” he asked.
“I have some various investments in different places,” the
 Newcomer responded, giving a rare glimpse into what was private control
over a public world.



“Ah, the world of finance, one that will forever elude me.” Leon laughed
largely.



“To be honest, Leon, you are missing very little. I am weary of the constant
attention paid to this investment here and to that one there. The numbers
tire one out after a time.”



The Newcomer paused.
“Unless, that is, one possesses a certain personality.”



“What do you mean?”



“I mean the kind of personality that really is no personality at all,” the
Newcomer surrendered.



“I can imagine what you mean.” Leon agreed in part.
Leon noticed that most of the legal documents that lay on the Newcomer’s
desk had the heading “Geldsbaum, Gesetzbrecker and Geldsgewalt” on
them. He nodded at the Newcomer’s statement and the two continued a
pleasant conversation, but Leon was distracted by some of the documents.
This man was quite wealthy.



Thus their new bond.




ORIGIN OF A VERMILLION
CHARACTER

Brazil was angry and that situation was a common one. She had been a
friend of and associate with the Newcomer for some time now, she recalled
years, but she was unable to remember now precisely how long they had
been acquainted.



“How was it that we met?” she asked herself. “Oh yeah...that’s right.”



She recalled only after a few moments thought that the two had met at one
of her art showings. He had been impressed with her sculpture; that was it.
He claimed to admire the universal appeal of the work coupled with the
peculiar texture of the metal. Brazil always gave the outer layer of her
sculptures a rough surface, really different degrees of roughness and
smoothness was the aim. Otherwise, despite some purposeful distortions,
each sculpture was technically precise and realistic; she captured the
likeness of the figures--standing four feet tall or so--in detail and realism;
her distortions communicated, and she recognized how that rough
tendency had arisen. She was certain that her perspective arose largely
from her association with her family. They were upper middle class
members of the community of Wheaton, accustomed to obtaining precisely
what they wished--believing as they pleased. Brazil had been the oldest of
her siblings and she had grown up possessing an impetuous character. Her
mother had been the parent who disciplined her, and because Brazil was
incorrigible, her mother had resorted to strict, one might say vicious,
methods. The motivation had been, of course, laudable; Brazil’s mother
wanted her to act in a moral way, and she believed that her daughter
needed direction. In fact, the family was convinced, largely by Brazil’s
mother, that the former obese woman was an incorrigible reprobate. She
drank alcohol; she used drugs at times; she had premarital sex and she
questioned whatever authority was before her. As a result, she regularly
found herself without support from many of her family members, her
siblings




frightened at the prospect of suffering at her mother’s hands. She would be
the only sibling missing from the family Christmas celebration, or she
celebrated her birthdays at the house of a friend. Brazil had been awoken
on several occasions in the middle of the night by her mother and beaten in
order to rid the girl of the demons that possessed her, at times the demon
residing in Brazil’s hair and so her mother tore out the negative influence.
Despite the obvious physical trauma apparent on the body of her child,
Brazil’s mother felt perfectly entitled to discipline her. Brazil thus had
experienced a heavy moral hand. Most times heavy with alcohol, Brazil had
survived on the good will and generosity of a number of persons in the
small community within Chicago where she and the Newcomer met. She
had virtually eliminated each opportunity that her new acquaintances
presented to her because she was unable to hold a job for long.



“I want to get my brain back,” she’d say, repeating the same phrase to
everyone.



She said it so much that her artist friends rolled their eyes when they heard
it, though they wished desperately to assist in improving her obviously
precarious psychological state. Brazil was a fine partier, but becoming
seriously involved with her entailed certain risks. She was volatile--like the
Newcomer--and she was intelligent enough to seek out minor flaws in a
person’s character. She had a habit of ensuring that she pointed out the
flaw to the very person who possessed it.



“Virginia, you’re a nice person. It’s too bad you're unable to stop controlling
everyone and everything.”



She would comment publicly to an equally intoxicated Virginia who raged in
return. Brazil was also unable to retain any job that might come her way.
She believed that she was better than most of the menial positions
available, yet she would arrive at work intoxicated, and she remained
unable to conform to any direction. These apparent flaws were turned to
benefits when she sculpted, since Brazil was very aware of the conventions
of sculpture and art in general, yet she was unable to adhere to them
strictly. The result was an awareness of how other sculptors fashioned their
subjects coupled with a lack of attention to convention. Possessing a
profound visual sense, she combined aesthetic forces in novel ways. The
Newcomer recognized Brazil’s artistic acumen and gave her credit for it.
She was exceptionally grateful for that particular acknowledgment and she
thrived on the attention he gave to her as a result. At times, she suspected
that he granted her precisely that life-generating attention in order to control
her, a kind




of death-bonding that begat Brazil the artist; the lack, or diminishing
capacity of, that bond angered her now. The Newcomer had begun to
associate more with Mallory than with Brazil and though the pair regularly
fought, the stress and strain was life, and, of course, the Newcomer had
paid to rid Brazil of the consequences of the depression brought on by her
family. Brazil was intent on not losing what was she. Still, she was quite
content alone, able to work on her art. Brazil had completed one full
narrative, which was at least seven bronze statuettes, and she had begun
work on another. She was torn between the productivity that was her art
and the bond that she had established with the Newcomer. She decided
that because the Newcomer supported her, her art might suffer if her bond
with the Newcomer suffered. When the Newcomer began to restore his
precious Lago with Mallory, Brazil was relieved. His absence was restful, in
fact, and though Brazil recognized that she still enjoyed his company, she
also realized that a break from him was necessary and seemingly long
overdue. She slept longer and she associated with some of her painter
friends, like Fuscus and a few others. Yet, those associations grew thorny
as usual and Brazil did not maintain a close association with them in the
same manner that she had done with the Newcomer. She avoided her
usual haunts, and she turned off her phone, which was risky. He was
demanding, and if she were not present for him quickly, the consequences
might be difficult, though he was unpredictable lately. Still, he did not
attempt to contact her, and when she turned on her phone after a few days
of good sleep and relaxing mindlessness, there was no message from him
demanding her presence. After a week or two, perhaps it was three or
more--Brazil was unable to recall--she began to wonder what he was doing.



“Maybe he called but left no message and I don’t have a record of his call
because the phone was turned off and he left no message.”



Brazil turned on her phone, but there were only the usual
messages and contacts from Fuscus and her mother, who wanted
desperately to contact her for some reason.



“It’s strange how I am able to communicate with her at all” Brazil thought.



Yet angry at her mother and her siblings, Brazil chatted with them with
relative frequency and her family wanted contact with her, but the
Newcomer had given her the assistance she needed; he had comforted
her, in a manner of speaking, when she was destitute; and he would assist
her in the future, of that much she




was utterly convinced. She needed to contact him and she missed his
presence somewhat, she had to admit--thorny and difficult, inconsiderate
and provocative though he was. Brazil phoned him and left a message; he
was certain to return to his usual manner and bother her simply for sport, or
for some sadistic amusement. Immediately, she regretted having initiated
contact. It was too
soon. Maybe if she finished another sculpture narrative, she would be
better able to vie with him. She knew that she would regret his presence
and become aggravated with herself for initiating so much aggravation. And
Brazil waited, and she sculpted with the Newcomer in the recess of her
mind. When her cell tone went off, she smiled and leaned over to retrieve it
from the seat next to her, but the call-identification read only “Fuscus” or
“Mother of god.” After a week without any response from the Newcomer,
Brazil grew more concerned, but she did not want to contact him again; no,
another effort on her part would seem anxious, or, worse, desperate. Brazil
waited longer and refrained from calling. She had many projects and
chores to finish, and his company was not pleasant ordinarily and even
more unpredictable recently--she needed to remember that. She plunged
herself into her work, yet she was certain to leave her cell-phone on in case
he called, needing her immediate attention. Brazil completed her first
narrative, which took away from her life about three weeks, but the
Newcomer did not respond, or demand her presence other than a few texts
and hellos. She decided to phone him again, but after a few days she
surmised that she would not hear from him, and she needed a break from
her second new narrative. Brazil cleaned her apartment and she
considered entertaining a gathering of her painter friends, but such events
were often tiresome and sometimes they even depressed her more than
anything else. No, she would straighten out a few affairs, and then she
would try to contact him again, but when her affairs were tidy and her life
was as ordered as it might become; he had not contacted her. Brazil grew
uneasy once more, so she found her way to his penthouse. Possessed of a
key, she let herself in to the domicile, but only the yellow-collared Dora was
present, trotting along the passageway that ran along the top of the walls.
He ordinarily was at the penthouse at this time of day, and the jadecollared
dogs were not present. Brazil remained there for the rest of the day, but no
Newcomer arrived. She phoned him again, but no answer returned and she
left no message, was becoming tired of no response. Brazil returned to her
apartment and attempted to return to her artistry and having succeeded in
refining some of the statuettes that she had already completed, she found
nothing new arose in her mind. Frustrated, Brazil left her apartment and
slept at the Newcomer’s home in order to ensure that she see him. She
remained there for some time before she heard the lock on the door turn.
She remained where she lay when she heard




“Hello? Hello? Anyone here?” from a female voice.



Brazil greeted the woman, a petsitter named Eleanor. No Newcomer
present. Eleanor claimed that the Newcomer had hired her about a week
ago, that she did not know when he was to return.



Brazil considered where he might have gone, which was practically
anywhere as far as she knew. Brazil went on a hunt for him. She was upset
with herself originally for not remembering the drunken opportunist. Brazil
phoned every two or three days, but she did not recall where Mallory lived.
Eventually, she ceased calling him and returned to her apartment where
she continued her work on the second narrative. At least she was able to
create on good days. She visited his penthouse semi-regularly in the hopes
of encountering him, and inevitably one night the Newcomer arrived, weary.
He walked into the living room where she sat sketching. Brazil was located
on the floor near the middle of the space, a large-screen monitor displaying
some video she had been streaming. He surprised her by sitting next to her
and she initially gave to him a sour look. She awaited his cruel humor or
some acerbic comment.
She broke the silence.
“My mother would like to meet you.”



“Yeah?”
 “I think you’ve shamed my family into actually helping me.”



“How is that?”
 “I told her about you and what you do.”



“What I do?”



“You know,...what you do for me,” she responded slowly and with apparent
reluctance.



The Newcomer did not respond to her statement, but instead he picked up
a keyboard that controlled the computer behind the monitor and directed it
to a site




where videos are uploaded and viewed by others. He searched for “woman
beats up man” and at the top of the list was a domestic scene depicting a
heavyset woman and a somewhat shorter, thinner and drunken man. The
man arose from a squatting position on the lawn of a small house ran
towards and swung his fist at the large woman who easily avoided it. She
became irate with him and pushed him onto the ground where he sat dazed
for a moment, the wildly-drunk pugilist. The skinny man, enraged, is put to
the ground by a woman whose weight trebles his and whose inebriation
was half or less. The little man flailed about in an attempt to strike the
woman who was only once perturbed by his fist, her earring falling to the
ground. But the loss of her decoration only sent the woman into a kind of
frenzy where she acted the role of a prize-fighter.



“Come on. Come on,” she said as she danced her way around him, he too
drunk and too small to significantly harm her. He swung wildly back and
forth and nearly fell over each time he attempted to make connection.



“Wait, here it gets even better,” said the Newcomer, pointing to the monitor.



Brazil shifted her eyes towards him suspiciously, but she was unable to
suppress amusement. It was at that time that the woman avoided two of
the little man’s attempts to strike her; she grabbed his shirt as he almost
tripped over the first stair of the front porch to the house. She pulled him
back towards her with one hand and as his momentum carried him towards
her she struck him on the jaw with her fist, drunken raggedy-Andy doll.



The Newcomer turned his gaze toward Brazil and a wide grin emerged on
his face; he continued to stare at Brazil as the woman pulled the little man
up and down and back and around her as if he were a kind of toy. And
each time the little man was jerked back and around by what appeared to
be his wife “URrrrurhhuuuuuhheereuuuuuu,” he would cry. And it was the
“Urrrrurhhuuuuuhheereuuuuuu” that accomplished the goal of the
Newcomer. The little man uttered that sound four times. By the third time,
Brazil was possessed of a smile, and by the fourth time she had begun to
laugh.
“That’s not funny!” she practically yelled at him.



And the little man uttered “URrrrurhhuuuuuhheereuuuuuu” one more time
while he fell to the ground. And Brazil was incapable of suppressing a
laugh one more time.




“That’s not funny,” she repeated with a wide grin.



The Newcomer laughed heartily and Brazil continued to laugh while she
insisted “That’s not funny!” repeatedly. The woman and the man continued
to wrangle until he plopped his form down on the grass. Once there, he
dropped down his arms seemingly exhausted. She stood overtop him from
the rear and grabbed his hair and without any resistance from him, she
swung her right fist twice and struck him on the left eye. The heavyset
woman then jumped back away from the sitting man and again danced as if
she were going to spar with him.



“Come on. Come on!”



Brazil managed to cease laughing and she continued to insist that the
video was humorless, but the very ones who filmed the incident roared with
laughter as the heavyset woman once more sparred with her husband in
the middle of the street. A police car drove through the scene and the
couple ceased their pugilistic dance until the auto had passed by oblivious.
The woman then ran after the little man and dragged him along the
pavement by his hair and shirt until a neighbor rescued the diminutive
creature, seemingly wanting to save the drunken fool from further beatings.
Brazil continued to laugh and sober herself alternately.



“I can’t believe you!” she raged at him, pushing him away with all her
weight.



The Newcomer rolled along the hardwood floor of his home. He continued
to laugh while Brazil arose and shut off the power to the monitor.



“You are such an asshole, its’ unbelievable!” she said. “I haven’t seen you
in weeks; you don’t return phone calls; you’re not home; someone else is
feeding Dora.” She waved her hand towards the recumbent cat.



The Newcomer stretched along the floor of his home where he lay his head
onto his outstretched arm. His humor at an end, he did nothing except
remain on the floor with his head propped up along his arm. Brazil did not
know precisely what to do, since she had never seen him in this state.
Fortunately, he composed himself and stood up as if nothing had
happened.



“I came home in order to clean up,” he announced.
And he left the room. Brazil thought while her friend showered and
composed himself further, and she wanted to know what happened to him
over the time he had dropped off the face of the earth. When the
Newcomer returned, he asked her if she wished to accompany him to visit
Mallory. Though Brazil found Mallory unpalatable, she was relieved to be a
part of the Newcomer’s distraction. Immediately upset with herself for
attending, she was irritable as the two of them proceeded to Mallory’s
home. Mallory had recovered quite nicely, and he did not appear to need
any assistance. Brazil thought that the man remained perhaps a bit sore
from his injury, but he was not bedridden as he claimed. Every so often,
Mallory would grimace or knit his brows, and the Newcomer would tend to
him. At lunch, the Newcomer made certain that Mallory received whatever
he desired; in the afternoon there was time for a movie; Mallory purchased
various items online. Brazil was glad that her friend was taking care of his
employee and the man had every right to a friendship with the Newcomer,
but the unfortunate who engaged in his habit of sitting around his
condominium dressed in his nightclothes and a robe, belching and
arranging himself arbitrarily had corralled the Newcomer. Clearly, he had
lived alone for some time. Brazil was relieved when the day ended, thinking
that she had done something worthwhile. The Newcomer had made a habit
of spending the night at Mallory’s condominium, but this particular occasion
inspired him to spend the evening at his home with Brazil. whose delight
was obvious.



The next few days were strange for Brazil. She remained with the
Newcomer and she even brought her sculpture to his home in order to be
near him and to watch over Mallory who had taken to sleeping at the
Newcomer’s abode occasionally. The Newcomer arose early in the morning
each day and he found his way to Mallory’s home where he would care for
the unfortunate one. Brazil sometimes accompanied the Newcomer and
sometimes she remained at his penthouse. While she remained there, she
noted the Newcomer not preoccupied with his search the way he had been;
he was not particularly inspired to go on a hunt for drunken fools. She
managed to compel him to go out in the way that the pair had done, but the
spirit of the endeavor was not the same. They continued to poke fun at the
persons they met, but the Newcomer lacked the caustic wit and critique
that he had possessed formerly. Disturbed by the change, welcome though
she had thought it would be, she began to believe that the Newcomer
wished to justify himself to Mallory and to others with whom Mallory had
been acquainted.



“I am not a bad person,” he began one night after they had spent the day
with




Mallory. “What?”



“I’m not a bad person,” he repeated. “What makes you say that?”



“Well, the fact that I’m not.”
 “You know that’s not what I mean.”



There was a period of silence on the part of the Newcomer. Brazil surmised
that he had perhaps something he wished to say, but she knew better than
to ask him to say it. If he wished to say something meaningful or in some
manner significant, then he would say it. She suspected events in his past
that he was now, perhaps just recently, not proud to claim as his own, or
some underlying difficulty that he was barely aware of himself.
“No, you are not a bad person,” she added.



The Newcomer remained silent but gazed pensively at the formerly obese
woman.



“I don’t know what you’re worried about,” she con tinued.



“You do an awful lot for many people. You’re generous. You have a good
sense of humor.” She lied a bit “...and you're kind.”



The Newcomer threw a critical and questioning look at Brazil who chuckled
in return, and once begun she was unable to refrain from a further chuckle
and the chuckled one turned to a laughing, and the laughter continued. The
Newcomer did not frown or scowl as usual, but he stared blankly for a time
while Brazil was unable to refrain from laughter. Having recognized the
absurdity and the gravity of the situation, he nodded ever so slightly and
began to grin, yet he was unable to laugh. Brazil continued to giggle when
her laughter died. Strangely, when the pair went to a tavern with the two
Xolos in tow, the Newcomer asked




if the dogs might come into the establishment with them before simply
bringing the dogs inside. When the tender or the owner refused to serve
the pair with the dogs, they made way to another tavern until they found a
place where the dogs were permitted to accompany them. Brazil was
stunned.



The oddest and most unwelcome change was that the Newcomer had not
the tolerance, or perhaps the desire, for alcohol that he had prior. He had
not decided to refrain from drinking alcohol altogether, but his consumption
had decreased a great deal. Mallory’s intake of the liquid had risen while
the Newcomer’s had fallen. Brazil had no idea how to contend with this
alteration in a Newcomer who had merely lost interest in consumption of
substances, yet though certain differences were obvious to those around
the Newcomer, there were other aspects of his life that had not changed
very much, or perhaps they had changed, but the old lingered around the
new. There were moments when he grew weary and he was annoyed with
the employees at Corpu-tech, but he became fond of Leon whose manner
previously annoyed him. The Newcomer had a great deal to oversee, since
he had inherited much money. He had never been particularly fond of
looking after his investments, and now he grew rather annoyed at the mere
thought of tending to them, as if his wealth were a hindrance. His old, angry
and abusive self returned at these moments, and woe to anyone who
happened upon him at that time. He remained fond of compelling Brazil to
laugh when she meant to be angry or sad, but his dark sense of humor was
not quite so cumbersome to a Brazil who recognized the spirit with which
such teasing emerged. Even that habit appeared to diminish, though he
was unable to refrain from splitting her emotions. There was something
reassuring in consistency, even if it was consistent aggravation. Though the
Newcomer appeared to lighten his demeanor, he also experienced fits of
depression and rage that seemed to emerge from nowhere. One day he
would be laughing with Brazil at The Everyday Tavern Entautha, and the
next day he would leap into a rage-filled tirade against an unsuspecting
individual who had befriended the pair that very evening, or he might do
just the same to Brazil--sometimes Mallory. The difference appeared to be
that the Newcomer would emerge, or rather some new Other would
emerge, from the rage. He calmed down and became contrite with the
person, or with Brazil, with whomever.
“I have been in bad sorts for some time.”



That said, he would procure for the vulnerable acquaintance another drink,
or perhaps take them to dinner, offering many more apologies. Most who




encountered him at this time believed that he was a troubled man who at
his core was decent. Many readily forgave him, but there were those who
disliked, or even detested, the man afterwards. And the Newcomer, much
to Brazil’s surprise, wished that it were otherwise.



“I just wish he knew what sort of man I am.”



Gradually, the Newcomer grew tired of treating Mallory like a child or an
invalid. He explained to Mallory that he ought to return to work on the Lago,
and when Mallory was unable to move quickly, or awaken early enough, he
became irate, telling the unfortunate that he was lucky to be employed at
all. Afterwards, he approached Mallory in silence and the two men said
little, but each recognized the communication that emerged between them.
All of the Newcomer’s doings, of course, aggravated Mallory’s condition,
but the result was slow progress rather than none at all. Observing all of
these developments, Brazil considered asking him if he wished to talk to
anyone; someone else; her; Mallory; anyone, but she reconsidered
because she realized what his reaction would be, or at least she realized
what his reaction would have been prior.
Events transpired in much the same manner for some time; the
exacerbated capriciousness of the Newcomer became the norm. Brazil
made herself available to him more than she had by accompanying him to
his favorite haunts and by suggesting new excursions. He wished to remain
close to her at times and at other times he desired a distance, which
maddened Brazil, with an amused Mallory observing recent events from a
distance. Brazil disliked Mallory’s attitude, but she was unable to explain
her thoughts to a Newcomer who was somehow attached to the
unfortunate one.



Thus their bond.




VERMILLION RED PRETENDS
JOYOUS YELLOW

Brazil’s family had been attempting to bring her back into their fold for some
time, perhaps three or more years, but the conditions under which she
departed prevented more than rudimentary communication between the
family and the formerly obese woman. Momma mater, or “mother of god”
as Brazil called her, was at the head of the clan as she had been for many
years. She was an older, portly woman who had gained weight over
decades by eating sweetbreads and candies, five pounds here and two
pounds there. Her hair was thinning and graying in some areas, but she
turned it an unnatural jet black color. Still, the color suited her because her
entire appearance was unnatural, her suits and polyester slacks were
loosefitting and one was unable to determine their color. The family had
grown fat with success and was not surprisingly well- pleased. It had
contributed significantly to Foedimmanis fundamentalist church where they
were prominent members, assisting in making decisions for the whole
congregation. Momma mater had become acquainted with the great one
himself, Adder Dareios, through her personal relationship with the blessed
reverend Jackdaw. She had been a part of the church from its inception, a
significant contributor though she had much less funds in the beginning.
Her son was the authentic success story; he directed a computer software
agency, family owned of course, that created all sorts of software and
installed and updated systems for more than a few business institutions.
Though Adder visited their home once and in the context of a church-leader
meeting, he had become a part of the family--at least so far as Momma
mater was concerned. Adder himself warmed up to the clan slowly. The
reverend Jackdaw was delighted to spread the word to such a vast
audience as that of Foedimmanis fundamentalist and he felt as if he were
proselytizing in just the right way. He was a regular visitor to family outings.
In this way, the Adseculae family was blessed on both ends: spiritual and
secular. Their world rather perfect, they knew what god wanted of them;
possessed his book given directly to humankind, to them personally. They
lived in abundance and they enjoyed a kind of upscale mediocrity coupled
with




the drowsy complacency of materialism and of excellent food, supersugar
pastries. The family had problems, it is certain, but they possessed none of
the dire needs that arise from poverty or minority status. Momma mater
kept her children in line not with the discipline that she had used earlier in
their life, but with an alliance with the oldest of Brazil’s siblings who owned
the software company and who held sway over the rest of the Adseculae.
Brazil wanted little to do with them. Though she had been treated badly,
she communicated with her mother once in a while. Their relations, of
course, were less than perfect and now Brazil held the upper hand because
she was an adult who had been able to find a way to survive without the
assistance of her mother. Still, Momma mater was never quite satisfied with
her relationship to her daughter Brazil. She enlisted the aid of her eldest
son to investigate Brazil and every so often Momma mater would quietly
inform her daughter that she had information about her.



“How is Fuscus?” she might ask out of the blue.



Brazil had never discussed Fuscus with the mother of god. Brazil
recognized what was happening, and initially she was nervous about what
her family was doing and how they were determining who were her friends
and where she lived, what she was doing. Every so often, Brazil would
encounter someone who obviously did not fit into the artist community, but
who lingered about one of her shows, or who observed her and the
Newcomer on more than one occasion. They were obviously not a part of
the ordinary crowd, one who propositioned Brazil once much to the
amusement of her friends.



“Tell my brother I love him so,” she said to the man.



Brazil became a bit paranoid because of the investigations, and every so
often, when the Newcomer was in one of his more foul moods he would
comment.
“Look.” He pointed to an empty corner of the room “There’s your brother.”
“Cute. Real cute, asshole.”



While much of her family’s obsession was innocuous, Brazil’s mental health
suffered from the constant suspicion and the occasional confirmation of an
“agent”, as the Newcomer called them, following her. That she supported
the Newcomer in his current crisis and that he in turn teased her
aggravated Brazil, but she was unable to refrain from assisting him. He did
not always refuse to




take her situation seriously. When they had first met, he suspected that a
contributing factor to her serious health problem--her obesity--was the
surveillance put on Brazil by Momma mater. She felt helpless at times,
certainly frustrated, so she enlisted Ülrich Geldsbaum, the Newcomer’s
lawyer, to convince her family to leave her in peace, but there was little
proof of their involvement and the family had committed no provable crime
or tort. Immersed within an increasingly desperate need for solitude and
rest, Brazil continued to refine to a sharp point her habit of drinking herself
into a bliss of forgetful oblivion, necessary for her psychological survival.
The Newcomer having realized that he ought to do something about her
situation, he paid for the surgery that artificially reduced her weight, and
which alleviated some of the stress on her tortured heart. Her physician
had recommended she lose weight and when she reached a certain
plateau--so to speak--he agreed that the surgery might be physically
beneficial. She had been forever grateful to the Newcomer since, but she
recognized that she might be obligated to him for a very long time, perhaps
a lifetime. Still, obligation to the Newcomer was better than subordination to
the Adseculae.
Momma mater continued to wish that Brazil would return, and she
considered the reconversion of her daughter to be a potential political
triumph within the congregation, though she was not entirely aware that
she thought in political terms. Momma mater had convinced herself long
ago that what she did was correct no matter what it was and after two or
three decades of utter conviction of her righteousness, she had little
awareness of any doubt about her actions. She was simply correct and any
question of her position was met with a kind of silent rage, the kind of rage
she had inflicted on Brazil. Momma mater was thus unaware of her own
political machinations, but she imagined that she would show to all
Wheaton how powerful her connection to the lord was, a connection which,
as far as the society of Wheaton was concerned, was paramount to her. In
fact, that position was paramount to all of the Adseculae, with the exception
of Brazil. Gradually, therefore, it became a major concern to the Adseculae
that Brazil be brought back into the flock, or that she at least be brought
under heel. Momma mater, after a lengthy absence of communication,
began to utter a barrage of little niceties that seemed to Brazil bizarre and
uttered within a frightening kind of denial.



“Brazil, dear, you have always been a favorite of mine.”
 Brazil related her mother’s statement to the Newcomer who was as
perplexed at




the statement as she. They laughed at the situation until another nicety
arrived during one of “Mother of god’s” phone calls to Brazil.
“Brazil, dear, you are a beautiful girl.”



“We would all like to see you again. I miss the time we spend together,” her
mother offered.



The situation was becoming more than usually disturbing to a Brazil who
had as well the mood swings and innate difficulty of the Newcomer with
which to contend. She was able, only intermittently, to craft her sculptures,
but when made possible, her art gave her the most comfort.



Thus their continuing bond.




TARNISHED YELLOW AND IRON
RED RUE

Nervous indeed, Leon was unconcerned that his relationship with the
Brigade was becoming fragile, the Brigade's anger directed mostly at Leon.
Leon had convinced the Brigade, for the most part, that Leon would be able
to take the brunt of any anger that came from Dareios, that Leon was
capable of smoothing over all the potential rancor and malice that might
arise from their difficult situation. No, Leon was not upset at his
predicament with Adder Dareios, though the man himself disturbed Leon a
bit. Leon was more concerned that the taxi that had taken him from his
office-building to a small restaurant in the downtown area had smelled
rather badly. He suspected that one or more prior occupants had relieved
themselves either on the seat where he sat or directly in front of it. The
result appeared to be a transference of scent from one site to another and
Leon was able to smell the different scent that was his at the moment. He
was not given to anger or frustration quickly, no no, but there were certain
occurrences, certain peculiar occurrences that drove him mad. The
presence of a foul odor happened to be one of them. Still, Leon remained
composed. Not having panicked as he thought he might, Leon simply
waited for Adder to arrive, trying desperately to ignore the obvious stench.



“The man will smell me and think me a fool,” he thought.



“No, it will be worse than that. He will believe I associate with homeless
persons, or worse, he will believe that I am a homeless person.” Leon
continued his thoughts.



Adder Dareios enjoyed his rides in the back of limousines and such, but
those were for show, a part of his method of inspiring awe and shock in a
partner or a colleague. Adder preferred to walk about the city, sometimes at
least, and carry Dareios with him where he went. His notoriety necessitated
security guards almost always, and so Adder was unable to relieve himself
of that necessity, but
he enjoyed the attention he obtained by bringing Dareios the magnate with
him. He perceived the others perceiving him and he relished the fact that
many of these strangers were in debt to him, that they needed him
desperately and they did not even realize it. Adder was not entirely
confident that he meant so much in the grand scheme of the universe, but
he had control over many persons and even more things in the lives of
himself and of the many Others whom he met. Such a realization that
though he was unable authentically to generate much that was of any use
to these others, he was able to obligate them to turn to him when they did
generate useful or pleasing modes of life. He was able in that manner to
place himself between the creative others and their creation in such a
manner that he might destroy them or their work at any time. That being the
case, Adder Dareios was not aware of his own intentions. Certainly,
moments occurred when Adder Dareios was conscious of his actions and
intentions, but they were brief and he needed their brevity because he did
not wish to recognize what Adder was doing. He was therefore proud and
content to be himself, to bring the name Dareios about with him, a man
who was unable to understand why he was trifling with a paltry and
insignificant naught like Leon Ochrowskovich, besides the obvious.



“What need do I have of him?”



Adder Dareios smiled to himself without recognizing it. In fact, Adder had
wasted a fair amount of his time with Leon already. Leon was a very bright
fellow in some ways, but Dareios had many others employed who were in
all probability just as talented and just as useful. The two met as they
ordinarily did, at a small restaurant along Michigan avenue. The places
were chosen by Dareios, or at least by one of his men. The pair would chat
at one of the tables set along an inner corner of the eatery. Adder trusted
the yellow giant for some reason, and thus he did not force Leon to submit
to a search before a meeting began.
“Good to see you, dear sir,” Leon began. He arose when Dareios entered,
and he dared not turn his back on Adder.



“Leon, Leon, what have we today?” Dareios asked.



Ordinarily, Leon had little to offer the man that was of genuine interest,
except that Adder Dareios had taken a petty interest in the goings on of the
Newcomer. The young man interested him because the Newcomer
appeared to Dareios to




have abundance, at least so far as Leon determined. “Yes, Yes, It is good
to see you again, Mr. Dareios.” Dareios was quiet, but Leon brought a smile
to his face.



“I am afraid that there is almost nothing to report to you today, sir. The
office has been relatively quiet and our new friend has not been visiting
Corpu-tech regularly.”



“No?”
 “No, sir. As you know, he has been in bad spirits of late...” Here Leon
paused. “...oh my...,” he said.
“Yes?”
 “I forgot about an incident a few weeks ago.”



“Tell me then, Leon,” Dareios commanded.



“Oh it was really nothing. No, not really anything at all. Perhaps it is best
left unsaid...”



“Tell me,” Dareios commanded more authoritatively.



“Oh, well, it was a trifling incident, really. He arrived in the office and he
appeared to be out of sorts, uh, well, much more than usual. He has mood
swings these days...”



“Mood swings?”



“Oh, yes, he has swings of passion. I might suspect that he possesses a
great deal of strong emotions or something else...” Leon trailed off here for
a moment.



“And?”
 “Yes, well he actually fired me.”
“Fired you?”



“Yes, he fired me because, well, because, I really can’t remember what was
his reason, but he fired me. Of course, we made up in the end. I believe he
is a troubled man at heart. I suspect that he will do well by Others
eventually.”



“He fired you and then re-hired you?”



“Oh, he never had the intention of firing me, I don’t believe. No, no. He
grew annoyed when I came into his office, I remember it now, and I believe
it was his trouble, that is whatever is troubling him I don’t really know, it was
his trouble that brought such mean spirits to him, but when he came to
himself, that is when he returned to his ordinary demeanor, he asked me to
forgive him and indeed as if we had both hugged and cried and slapped
one another on the back, we fast belonged to one another again.”



“And you don’t know of anything that might have set him off?”



“Well, I only know of one thing that seemed to...well it was a trifling and
paltry thing...”



“Tell me, Leon.”



“Well, I noticed some legal papers that sat on top of his desk. I think he
may have believed that I was snooping on him.”
“Of course you weren’t.”



“Me? I would never...” Leon cleared his throat as he recognized his present
situation. “I saw nothing of the content of the legal papers.”



“No?”



“I noticed only the heading of some of the letters he had received:
Geldsbaum, Gesetzbrecher and Geldsgewalt.”



“Gesetzbrecher?”




“Yes, I noted that name as well as the others. Strange name for a lawyer.”
“Strange indeed.”



Adder nodded and chatted with Leon for a while longer; the large man was
so entertaining. But, he had gotten what he needed.



Thus their bond.
CHANGING HUES

Mallory recognized that his situation had become problematic. His plan,
while working itself out in a favorable manner, was not materializing in the
way that he wished. The Newcomer and he had become somewhat close
in the past months, and Mallory recognized that the Newcomer possessed
a certain affection for him. The bond that the two men shared did not,
however, translate into any real material benefit for Mallory. He had labored
over the Talbot-Lago, learning a great deal about that particular auto and
asking Amity’s husband, Gruntle, for advice and guidance, which had been
problematic. Gruntle did not appear to enjoy Mallory’s company any longer
and being a quiet, possessive sort Amity’s husband was reluctant to
discuss anything with anyone who might not agree with every word that he
uttered. Mallory had no idea what the man believed and did not make an
effort to demonstrate any willingness to indulge him. Gruntle was able to
form authentic bonds with the most obedient beasts and trapped wives, but
not anyone else. Socializing with him was difficult. The result was a
strained relationship, one that was as unproductive and puerile as that
Mallory possessed with his coworkers. Mallory was simply unable to lower
himself to their level in order to converse. He disliked “those people” as
much as they did him. Mallory felt as though he were interacting with his
father once again. He might have consulted any one of a number of
groups, online and off, that would have been glad to assist him, but Mallory
refused assistance from those sources. He had recovered from his injury
for the most part some time ago, but he took advantage of the unusual
sympathy he received from the Newcomer by claiming his wound
incapacitated him more than it actually did. He and the Newcomer became
inseparable for a time, but when the Newcomer realized that Mallory was
less incapacitated than expressed, the bond that tied them seemed to
loosen, the Newcomer becoming less sympathetic recently. The
Newcomer’s absence might have something to do with that fat bitch
though.



Mallory concerned himself with the Lago almost compulsively. Assured that
its completion would bring the two men together again, he was convinced
that he was able to reassemble the auto when necessary because of the
manner with




which he had disassembled it. Mallory kept a strict note of each part and
where it had been. When he removed the engine block, he placed each of
the parts around the large hulk of metal in specific positions; labeled each
one and ensured that no piece moved. He explained to the Newcomer that
his father had worked in precisely the same manner so as to ensure that no
piece was lost. Mallory was systematic about the disassembly and he was
certain that he would be able to construct a better-running mechanism than
the one that he at first met. After some procrastination, he was prepared to
fit the Lago back together again. The Newcomer had given up the habit of
watching Mallory while he worked and Mallory labored, piece by piece, over
the reassembly of the vintage car alone.



“Good.”



The auto had not yet been painted because the Newcomer insisted that the
mechanics of the project be completed first. All of the pieces fit back where
they belonged and Mallory was proud, and quite relieved, that the car was
whole again; each part seemed to fit where his diagram indicated. On the
day that the Lago was to be test-driven, Mallory was taking no chances. He
started the auto early in the morning, long before Brazil and the Newcomer
were to arrive for a short test-drive. At first, the engine sounded rough, as if
the timing of the machine was not perfect and Mallory set out to adjust the
mechanism. The Lago did in fact sound better than it had at any previous
time, and Mallory was again relieved. The two men had noted that the car
ran rough, and that was when Mallory suggested a complete disassembly
and reassembly in order to ensure the perfect working order of each part.
He had cleaned and inspected each piece. Still, the engine was not as
smooth-running as hoped. Mallory test-drove the car around the parking lot
where it had been stored and the Lago at first reluctantly emerged from the
great cavern of its rebirth. After a time, and a few lurches, Mallory was able
to ride more steadily. Perhaps the lack of care for so many years and the
newlyassembledness of the Lago conspired to make the car less reluctant
to ride smoothly. Still, Mallory solved a few problems before the Newcomer
and Brazil were due. When the pair arrived, Mallory had already placed the
Lago back into its storage area in order to give the impression that the car
had not yet moved from the spot where he labored over it. The engine
remained hot, but with a little luck and lack of observation on their part
Mallory might be able to pass the ignition off as a cold start.



“I can feel the heat from the engine” were the first words out of Brazil’s
mouth when they arrived.




“Oh, I’ve adjusted the timing and such,” Mallory replied defensively with a
bit of malice in his eyes.
The Newcomer said that it was time to test the car. It had been in storage
for some time, and he was anxious to finish the project. The Lago roared
into service and ran more smoothly than it had when Mallory tested it. He
closed the hood and trunk and the two men drove the auto around the
parking lot more than a few times. Mallory’s face lit up with joy and relief
when the car maneuvered well around the parked autos. The Newcomer
even drove the Lago somewhat hard in order to test its limits, but the
machine refused to sputter or lag. As the pair brought the car back into the
storage area, they observed Brazil kneeling down onto the ground. A
smiling Mallory removed himself from the Lago, leaning his frame onto the
front of the car.



“What’s this?” asked Brazil, referring to a bizarrely-shaped piece of metal
she had found.



Mallory walked toward her and took the object from her outstretched hand.
He examined it, but he was unable to determine precisely what the part
was or where it ought to be placed. He wanted to create the name of a
fictitious part, hoping that neither party would recognize it or possess any
information about it.



“That’s a point-spreader,” he offered. “A point-spreader?” Brazil asked.
“Yup.”



Brazil removed a small, black box with a keyboard on it from her bag. She
busied herself looking up the supposed part. “Point spreader” returned no
hits from her search engine.
“There’s no part listed like that,” she remarked, careful to refrain from
grinning.



The Newcomer did not appear surprised, but he simply folded his arms. “It
ran well,” he commented.



“Better than ever” Mallory was relieved to reply.




“But this part goes somewhere, right?” Brazil asked.
 The two men did not respond, but Brazil was unable to suppress a grin.



“Oh, wait, I know,” she continued. “That was the problem all along, I bet.”
She grinned. “Too many parts.”



Thus their bond.




ROSEY FINGERED RAGE
Mallory hated that bitch. She had been unfriendly to him since they first
met, but now he was certain that she was attempting to make him look bad.
And she had succeeded, as far as he knew. Now that he had recovered
from his accident for the most part, the Newcomer and Brazil were together
more and more and Mallory attempted to join them with only some
success. He knew little about art; cared nothing for history; philosophy was
to him nothing but a waste of time. And the more he learned about the
Newcomer, Brazil and their friends, the less he was able to relate to them.
Mallory was capable of educating himself in art and such, but he
recognized that he might need years of study. Even though he was able to
find a brief, educational outline of such topics and learn superficially in a
quick manner, he refused. Mallory simply was not interested. He enjoyed
drinking with the Newcomer and he had learned quite a bit about Lagos;
amazingly he found that he enjoyed working on cars. Still, Mallory
attempted to study art and philosophy, hoping to relate to the Newcomer in
a way that Brazil was unable.



“There must be something I can do.”



He often stayed at the Newcomer’s penthouse. The three of them regularly
stayed there, if only because Brazil and Mallory did not wish to leave the
Newcomer alone without the other. Brazil and the Newcomer went out with
a fair degree of regularity, and Mallory was aware of the times that the
Newcomer would not be at home. He often examined objects in the
Newcomer’s apartment, and he developed a habit of looking into this and
that here and there. He would remove from its secure place an ancient
helmet that the Newcomer had purchased. Mallory laughed when he
thought of how much the Newcomer had paid for the piece of armor that he
used to place on his head and wear for an hour or so when he knew
no-one would be at home. He often sat in one of the many recliners and
sipped mint julep, protected by “Homer’s helmet.” Having donned the
Corinthian armor, he played video games and sometimes he would eat
dinner by himself, slipping his spoon through the vertical opening on the
front of the




helmet. The armor-piece became soiled by food slipped through it and
once Mallory spilled a few drops of mint julep on it as it sat next to him. It
was Mallory’s own private joke that he was able to do all of these things
while neither the Newcomer, nor Brazil were aware of them. Eventually,
Mallory became bored with the helmet and he turned his attention onto
other objects in the Newcomer’s home. Having developed the habit of
hunting for expensive objects, he rummaged through a massive closet that
was practically filled with strange things, mostly art pieces that looked to
Mallory more like penises than anything else.



“Those things gotta have something to do with that bitch.”



Mallory did not relish the idea of touching any of the penises, and so he
avoided them as he investigated further into the storage closet of the
Newcomer. He found a number of smoking pipes and some strange dried
leaves, whatever they were--definitely not marijuana. He discovered a few
bronze statuettes that he had to admit were pretty cool: a Homeric warrior,
an apparent god with grape vines for hair. Both seemed dynamic and
valuable pieces, but Mallory did not wish to steal anything, not really. He
observed the wine in the god’s hand and the smug appearance of
satisfaction and glory, and Mallory actually found himself smiling
inadvertently. Behind the statuettes was an old, abused storage cabinet
made of thick paper--the kind that a college student might possess. Mallory
was unable to resist the urge to peer inside, so he slid one of the drawers
open. In it resided many documents and some old computer disks that
covered the education of the Newcomer. Mallory learned from them that the
man had attended Lumen Novum.



“No wonder.”



Besides the brochures and the other odd documents, there resided a black
plastic box that contained more computer disks. The documents on it were
terrifying and at the same time a revelation. One set of letters was a
correspondence between Ülrich Geldsbaum and Alphonse Titanman, the
head of Lumen Novum. The letters detailed an implication on the part of
Lumen Novum that the Newcomer, as a little boy, had somehow harmed a
little girl named Clara. The girl had apparently died, and Geldsbaum was
defending the child Newcomer from legal action. The school was adamant
about expelling the boy, the Newcomer being very young at the time, but
the last correspondence from Lumen Novum simply thanked Geldsbaum
for so promptly and thoroughly




ironing out the matter with the administration. Something had calmed the
raging dogs.



“Money.”
Another, more disturbing, set of files concerned an assault on the person of
a boy named Robert Kessler. The boy had been on his way to church when
attacked. He had suffered broken ribs; a concussion; had lost three teeth.
The narrative about Kessler consisted of copies of a number of articles and
Mallory had to infer most of what had happened, but he thought he
understood the general outline of events. Again, Geldsbaum communicated
with the school about the matter, and from what Mallory could determine,
the school simply had no evidence with which to convict the young man.
They possessed only suspicion, which Geldsbaum had claimed was the
result of a prejudice developed against him. Again, the matter seems to
have been dropped without any real investigation.



“Money again.”



A third set of files did not directly accuse Mallory’s friend of anything, but
they concerned the beatings of three boys: Kasper, Prentice and Oslow, on
a University campus. The pair had been suspected of recent muggings,
and they too suffered numerous contusions and broken bones. The files in
this set that puzzled Mallory were those that concerned the death of a
youth named Kasper. One of the same youths who had been beaten had
apparently died of asphyxiation, while allegedly attempting to burglarize a
technology center on a university campus. At least the newspapers
suggested as much. The youth had no prior record, and the cause of and
circumstances surrounding his death remained an unknown at the time; so
the documents claimed.



Mallory did not know what to think about these things. He realized that they
had something to do with his friend, but Mallory was somewhat bewildered
for the remainder of the day, and when Brazil returned with the Newcomer,
he said little to them. Both were in good spirits because they had “gone
caroling." Mallory kept quiet and when the pair again left in order to
carouse, or whatever they did, Mallory removed the papers and the
computer disks from the closet and copied all of them.



“Might come in useful.”




Thus their bond.




MORE CHANGING OF THE HUES:
A REDDENING UNFORTUNATE

The Newcomer did not feel like his usual self. Ordinarily, he might go about
his day without many cares, but with curiosity. He was not a religious man;
he thought little of and infrequently about god. Spirituality was not his sort
of meditation, though he was fond of the kind of meditation that focused
one’s thoughts and made clear one’s mind. No, he was not an atheist, nor
was he pious, but rather he was properly agnostic. He believed in the here
and now only as the here and now and the here and now appeared to be
and not be what they are; that much he had learned. One might say that
the Newcomer had no belief at all, or that he rejected belief, but he rejected
even the rejection of belief.



“One needs belief at least.” “Perhaps not.”



His understanding of belief constantly undermined every perception and
potential belief he encountered, and he enjoyed what others might call a
predicament. That was why, he thought, he had so few actual connections
with others, but his presence was changing, so he believed. Brazil thought
that he took no joy in life, that he was so pure of a nihilist that nothing was
his only friend, but the Newcomer did not accept that state as his own. He
delighted in being, in the act of existing and he indulged in everything he
did. One might consider the Newcomer to be the ultimate transitory figure,
but that again was mere belief and if he were consistently transitory, then
that aspect of him at least was fixed, and so he was not merely transitory
because he was merely transitory. Occasionally, he wrote poetry, which
was difficult for him. He was not unable to express himself, but he
understood himself as inexpressible, and when he witnessed others
attempting to put their lives in paltry words, or worse yet numbers--so
certain they are--, when he witnessed even the best of poets




bringing themselves about through the domicile of language, he was left
disappointed. Each occasion that provided him with a new revelation was
bliss, but it was also poverty; so every bit of knowledge he obtained led him
only to more ignorance than he had existed within prior. He recognized that
each word was infinite in this manner, and one might accuse him of
religious intuition if one heard him confess that case, but he hardly ever
confessed it, and only
 to unconscious men. The closest he had come to true expression of what
he was was a short poem:



Immerse yourself in all you do
 and of the things you do not know throw yourself into.
 Be part of all that is yourself;
 be part of all that is.
 For, if you find some thing that’s not, you’ll not know what it is.



He hardly related to others what he thought or how he felt, but he did in fact
possess thoughts and feelings. No-one would have doubted that he
possessed thoughts; it was the feelings that others denied. In fact, the
Newcomer himself denied his own attachment to others. At least, he was
not aware of any attachments, he who was almost entirely self-sufficient.
Still, his self-sufficiency was imperiled by some vague force that he was
unable to comprehend. It was overpowering him and one casualty of that
struggle had been that he lost the ability to imbibe the substances that he
enjoyed, that “made him glad” as he put it. He attempted all-night
drinking-bouts with Brazil and Mallory, the kind that had gladdened the
three of them in the past, but he became drowsy after only three
scotch-drinks and he actually began to slur his speech at one point. He was
astounded; his old friend Blackman had seemingly abandoned him, or
perhaps Blackman did not enjoy the Newcomer’s company any longer.
Reluctant to reveal any affection, he demonstrated no signs of worry--so he
thought. Yet, when he considered that Brazil’s family had investigated her,
peered into her private life and that they intended to continue the practice,
when he thought about these things, he thought that he must act.



“Someone ought to drive them away,” he continued to think.
He mused over just how to perform the excision. He might hire Geldsbaum
to rattle their cage a bit, but then a disturbance might beget further, larger




disturbance. He thought that a subtler approach might assist, so perhaps a
gentle persuasion will ease some fears, or keep family interest satisfied; he
really did not know what the family might want by investigating one of its
own. He did not understand her particular situation; she had not shared all
of her history, only enough to make the Newcomer more curious of the
situation. That the Newcomer himself was not his autocratic self was not
helping matters. He himself noted that his moods tended to emerge wildly
and arrived out of control. He once found Mallory hanging his coat up in a
closet that contained valuable documents. Enraged and nearly out of
control, he threw the man’s coat to the floor, and grabbing him by the shirt,
lifted Mallory off of the floor.



“You do not go into that closet. DO YOU HEAR ME?”



Having frightened the unfortunate, the Newcomer regained his composure
and let Mallory drop to the floor. He appeared disoriented for a moment
while a sad and pained expression fell upon his face. He turned again to
Mallory who recoiled from the madman, assuming another assault was
imminent.



“I'm sorry, my friend. I don’t know what came over me,” the Newcomer
claimed.
He tapped the unfortunate on the shoulder, itself a rare demonstration of
affection. Having witnessed the altercation, Brazil was shocked. Not at the
Newcomer threatening Mallory, no that was pure joy. But, uttering those
words. She smiled.



“I knew it.”



The next weeks were no better, except that the Newcomer wished he had
enough information and a plan to assist his large, artistic friend. Mallory
was perturbed by the event at the closet and the Newcomer issued
apologies with fair regularity.



“I don’t know what came over me,” he would say.



And Mallory seemed to take the incident in stride; the man had, after all,
practically saved his life and paid his medical bills. He was Mallory’s
employer. They remained friends and Mallory believed that the Newcomer
understood nothing about what he had taken, or rather copied, from that
closet. It was almost




laughable, if it had not appeared so dangerous. The Newcomer was
everything Mallory might wish to be. Having ambivalent feelings toward
him, Mallory smiled at his friend’s face and disdained him in private.
“That maniac doesn’t know half of what he thinks he knows,” he would
complain to Amity.



Still, Mallory practically lived at the Newcomer’s home, waiting. He had to
endure the sight, the smell and the words of that fat bitch who believed her
statuettes were the next great artistic trend, yet lately the Newcomer’s
attitude toward Mallory coupled with his unexpected ragings drained
Mallory of the energy needed to remain where he was. The Lago was
running smoothly now and Mallory had actually determined what the extra
part was and where it belonged. He quietly fit it back where it ought to have
gone, and the auto ran just as well after that. Yet, the completion of the
project unnerved Mallory in a way. His immediate usefulness was now past,
and once the Lago was painted and aesthetically restored, Mallory might
not long remain in the Newcomer’s life. More and more he felt as if he did
not wish to live in the Newcomer’s home.



“I wouldn’t pull that shit on that bitch,” he would say to his friend Amity.
Amity merely listened.
 “Why the fuck does she do it? All I wanted was some connections, you
know?”



“You mean you wanted to ‘Network’?”



Amity placed the word “Network” in quotes with her fingers, and the pair
laughed.



“Yeah, fucking network,” Mallory added.
Mallory hated that cat as well. It was useless; all it did was eat, sleep and
crap. It protected no-one and it was only affectionate with the Newcomer,
and sometimes with Brazil. When he tried to pet Dora, she ran under a
table, a dresser or a bed. Her temperament annoyed him and Mallory
recognized that there was little chance for any affection from her.



“I’d like to throw that thing out the window.”




The dogs he grew to like after all. They were not only friendly, but they
asked for affection as well. They would do practically anything he told them
to do, and they enjoyed playing ball in the Newcomer’s home. Mallory
developed a habit of taking the Xolos out for a morning walk; the
Newcomer even encouraged the practice. Those morning walks were the
events that made Mallory’s later stay tolerable. He may not ever obtain the
connections he wanted, but the amusement with the jade-collared dogs
were irreplaceable. As time went on, Mallory became increasingly
frustrated at the lack of attention from his new-coming friend. Mallory would
not phrase his frustration in that manner, but he did miss the company. In
fact, the Newcomer, while more unpredictable than usual, was now more
approachable than ever. “Believe it or not,” Mallory thought. His
approachableness made Mallory all the more angry because it was now
possible to achieve what Mallory had desired all along: influence over the
Other. Left alone in the Newcomer’s home, Mallory took his frustrations out
on the creature closest. “Not the dogs,” he thought. No, Mallory would
protect the Xolos. “That fucking cat.” Mallory had attempted to set the dogs
on Dora, but there were too many obstacles. Dora was able to jump up on
the track that ran along the top of each wall in order to get away from the
Xolos, and even when Mallory knocked the cat onto the floor and
encouraged the Xolos to “Sic ‘em” the dogs would not respond. In fact,
when encouraged to have at the feline, the dogs turned towards Mallory,
ears down and eyes downward, and shyly plumped themselves onto the
floor. Try as he might, he was unable to encourage the Xolos to chase
Dora. Again frustrated, Mallory turned toward more desperate measures.
He had seen the Newcomer disciplining his feline, but not with the slap of a
hand. “No, he would never harm his fucking cat,” he found himself thinking.



Instead, the Newcomer had purchased a small, yellowtinted squirt-bottle;
he filled it with water and when the cat jumped up on the kitchen table, and
Mallory thought that this was often, the Newcomer shot the cat on the hind
legs, most times intending to hit the cat’s rear. Never harming the animal,
the Newcomer thought that this practice was amusing.



“He only harms humans.”



Mallory took the squirt-bottle and emptied it by half. In place of the absent
liquid, he filled the bottle with white vinegar. He carried the bottle with him
most of the time in order to accustom Dora to the sight of the weapon in his
hand. When he had the impulse, which was fairly often, he let loose a thin




stream of water onto the cat. He ordinarily hit Dora on the back or on her
side, but sometimes he would strike just right and hit her in the face. He
recalled the first time he had struck the mark; Dora had jumped--as per
usual--but when the vinegar hit her eyes she flipped about three times and
ran off beneath a futon where she remained until she had wipe-licked the
substance from her face. “That was hilarious,” Mallory thought.



Thus their bond.




CORVUS MONEDULA

Marvin Corvus Jackdaw was an unremarkable man in himself. Dressed
regularly in black and possessed of gleaming, clear blue eyes, he was the
spiritual leader of a gigantic flock of followers, but he had not accomplished
everything himself. He was possessed of a friendly disposition and he did
not lack charm; he was generous, as long as he had his fair take of things
and as long as others recognized their place. Marvin lived well enough as a
child of a middle-class family, the fourth son of five children. He achieved
better than average marks in school, only better than average. He learned
early the value of objects, he being a kind of scavenger of shiny things
found in parking lots, fields, playgrounds and deserted buildings. He
developed the scavenging habit early because his father had little time for
the last two children; Marvin meandered away on his own seeking
stimulation and not so much adventure, but titillation. When twelve, he had
gathered meticulously a significant collection of odd bits and ends of
aesthetically pleasing baubles, what-not and hand-me-down shinies: half of
an earring, a dead, bronze pocket watch, the window crank of a 1964
Dodge Dart, a part of the mass of shine that he adored. Marvin’s mother,
aware that the child was going astray, explained to him again and again
that his hobby was entertaining, but that the objects he found were of little
value. She pointed out that he ought to be careful to clean them and
disinfect them as well, and he dutifully obeyed. Otherwise, his family might
take his collection from him, and that for Marvin would be death.



The young not yet reverend Marvin Jackdaw learned quickly about the
state of social affairs in his family and community. He emerged within a
straight-line hierarchy that demonstrated a clear pecking order. His father at
the top of the list, each member of the family was able to press upon the
other what he or she wished; his sisters enjoyed equal pecking status so
long as they remained within the order of things. Little Marvin applied the
same structure to each institution he entered, and for the most part each
institution cooperated with him by bringing him into a hierarchy. Marvin did
well for himself by determining what each institution expected him to
believe, how it expected him to act and how it




expected him to comport himself, how to conform to those expectations. He
lived comfortably within the confines of a snug community and the chubby
allure of downy life fit over his rounded frame like a flabby second skin. He
exercised little and each year his flab grew larger his frame, a bit slower,
and certainly heavier. While Marvin was a friendly sort, he was somewhat
intimidated by the ladies. They were powerful entities capable of ruining his
comfort with a single word. Marvin was reluctant to pay attention to them
unless he possessed enough information to ensure that they respond to
him in the manner that pleased him. He befriended more than a few of the
ladies for the express purpose of learning what certain other ladies thought
about certain topics. He was always discreet and somewhat cryptic when
asking. He discovered the love of his life, a truly spiritual coupling, when he
asked one of his friends about a girly woman who caught his fancy. She
was blond and she wore bright clothes and her lively demeanor attracted
Marvin. His female comrade informed him that his interest was welcome,
and with that heard, Marvin’s reticence vanished. The two made an
agreeable couple, living easy within the inertia that both enjoyed so much,
but Marvin had not found his passion at that time. He recognized that within
his world he had to manage the maddening confusion of conflicting
alliances. One institution expected that he conform in a way that another
institution did not. He was unable to determine how to drive his conflicting
alliances into one force, yet he desired to bring all under one firm, clear,
unrelenting umbrella. He craved certainty. Marvin, though now grown to
adulthood, had not lost his habit of gathering baubles and shiny, attractive
objects. He had refined his habit with the slow creep of age compelling him
to grab only the more serious and valuable objects, such as watches,
pieces of jewelry, rings and other adult trifles. Marvin did not steal his
precious baubles; he was not that kind of Jackdaw. No, he found them,
lying here and there and no-one appeared to want them, so he claimed his
right to their brilliant presence. As an adult he had found several old-time
watches, some of which were in good working order. He had found
bracelets, had some appraised, and he came upon many small clocks that
sat simply squat in places where everyone could see them, but no-one
picked them up. Marvin thought that strange, but providence favored him.
He acquired a massive collection in this manner, one that filled a room of
his home. He had been with his lady-love for only seven months when he
made a discovery that added to his collection in a considerable way. He
was wandering along a gravel road outside of the city where he was most
comfortable, all the silence and calm his companions. He held his head
down as usual, hoping to catch a glimmer here or there. And he came upon
the brightest object that he had ever seen. It appeared to have fallen off of
someone’s neck or been lost, so brilliant was its sheen. It had a piece of
wood attached to its back and it was two lines, the short one crossing the
other near the top. A little, golden, bearded man lay atop the intersecting
lines. He seemed to be in exquisite suffering and Marvin found that the
cross had a leather strap that he might tie or untie around his neck. He
untied the knot already fusing the ends of the leather strap and then
fastened the whole thing to his neck. Marvin found himself in that shiny,
golden moment. He immersed himself in the podgy churchwork that he had
begun to adore, and his friendly disposition coupled with his desire and
hope to conform made him an ideal member of the community of
Foedimmanis Fundamentalist church. He quickly set out to determine
where he fit into the hierarchy of the organization. He discovered that at
that time the church was ageing. Many of the prominent members were
older and growing slower, not falling away quickly but one in succession of
another such that Marvin, while not intending to arrive at the top of the
structure, actually stepped lightly, of course contentedly, to prominence. He
had completed his training at precisely the right time to become the spiritual
head of the flock. Marvin had achieved without stress, no actual exertion,
lightly gliding into his most comfortable chair of all. Remarkably, he had
made only a few enemies. His rise was as easy as his life had been and
Marvin developed his oratory skills, always refining and becoming more of
that comfortable character. Marvin initially led a not insignificant, but
modest, flock, and he made a habit of collecting bright and beaming
persons who were in trouble, or perhaps they were low in life. He
unearthed them from half-buried states or he found them wandering about
the city aimless and without company or amity. As he gathered each new
acquaintance, and he arranged them inside his dwelling, the church, where
they perked and dusted themselves off until at last they shone brilliant and
content. Marvin continued to gather personages in the Jackdaw manner,
and the process was slow, but he did not mind the pace because Marvin
was able to pick up and dust off so many others. He had an intimate
relationship with each one of them and they were grateful. Each personage
was for Marvin a delicate, golden bond with which he populated his home.
He arranged them as he had learned from his family: in specific and clear
hierarchy. Thus, he was able to be generous with each one. Yet, Marvin’s
private trifles of personages changed when he discovered the most brilliant
object that he would ever find, more powerful than the shiny, bearded
golden man on the cross. He was meandering about in the city with his wife
when, looking down as usual, he discovered a man’s ring. Ordinarily,
Marvin would not be able to relinquish such a brilliant object as a ring, and
it was a trinket of pure gold; he just knew. It held in its grasp the shiniest
diamonds that Marvin had ever personally beheld. He permitted his wife




to see the object only after several pleadings on her part. When she
examined the inner part of the ring, she pointed out to Marvin that they
ought to return the ring to its owner because it had an inscription inside:
ADDER DAREIOS.



Marvin realized immediately that he ought to return the ring. “But how?”
How does one contact such an individual in person? Marvin was not the
brightest man on earth, but he realized that he ought to get the attention of
Adder Dareios himself. He paid an enormous sum to author an open letter
to Mr. Adder Dareios, explaining that he had found a ring that was perhaps
valuable to the magnate. Dareios was relieved enough to retrieve the ring
that he met Marvin in person and their temperaments suited one another.
Dareios built the hierarchy and Marvin kept it in place. The two men found
a common interest in things spiritual and after a few years, Adder was
willing to assist in the expansion of the Foedimmanis Fundamentalist
church, which was planning a move to another city. And now, the church
would be purchasing an entire complex with funding from “Mr. Dareios” as
Marvin called him in person and in public.
Adder Dareios always wanted to break into the church business and once
more life seemed to present to Marvin a blessed series of fortunes. When
someone asked Marvin “Did you work hard for what you have? You must
have worked hard,” he responded that he worked as hard as the lord had
given him the strength to work. Marvin was convinced that God had wanted
these things to happen for him and the more comfort he experienced in his
life, the more he believed that God wished him well in every way. The
Foedimmanis Fundamentalist church grew from there, mostly with the
financial and political guidance of Dareios Inc.. And Marvin prospered in
many ways more than spiritual, having gained a reputation for good oratory.
He thought to himself that he was not bad at speaking before a crowd. He
became the friend and psychological leader of scores of persons who
themselves were willing to contribute to the church, each possessing a
shiny story to tell Marvin. And each possessed a private relationship with
the reverend Jackdaw that they possessed with no-one else. And Marvin
cherished these intimate bonds as if they were gleaming gold, or
resplendent silver. Now that he had found the brightest bauble, he was able
to attract so many others. As the congregation grew and diversified, Marivn
learned more about the different cultures and social backgrounds from
which his flock emerged. He considered his duty to understand them as
well as to speak at them. Here was the body of Christ before him, literally
the bodies of Christ who operated within the hierarchy of the church, each
intimately connected to Marvin. And the reverend Jackdaw understood the
position of Paul




and the struggles of the early church whose sufferings were the spirit of the
lord brought down to earth through the followers. And Marvin believed
without question in the factual basis of the New Testament as well as its
symbolic value. He roared his speeches to his flock that they act as much
like Jesus as their nature would allow.



“But, of course, you will not be like the lord,” he would say. “You will be his
imperfect body on earth, tending to the lower ones, as Christ did.”



Marvin delighted in his success and he realized that there were
imperfections in the flock that had gathered around him, like nicks in a
silver watch. He became privy to many struggles and indecisions and he
learned how best to counsel his flock, believing that he guided them along
the correct path. It was the way which he had never questioned, nor had he
considered his path to be anything except the only one. “After all, haven’t I
benefitted? Hasn’t the lord given me so much?” Marvin must be correct
about his beliefs, or so he thought, because he had been so fortunate and
so obedient to all that was around him. It was into this set of circumstances
and church developments that the Adseculae family became members of
Foedimmanis Fundamentalist church. Momma mater and Marvin fast
became the closest of allies, she one of the more intimate of intimates. She
brought status to Marvin’s church with her several publications, mostly
concerning the spiritual position of woman in the church. All of that had
transpired years ago, and the church grew wild and thick to a point, and
then the growth ceased. Marvin was as popular as ever, but there had been
scandals at other churches. One minister was accused of purchasing
crystal meth from his homosexual lover, and another was found to have
embezzled millions from his flock, disappeared. Marvin continued to speak
and he even addressed some of these issues in his sermons, temptations
that they were, but he never lost faith; he never questioned the teachings
that he had been given from the first time he was able to ask questions,
and he abided with the assistance of Adder Dareios. Now Momma mater
wanted Marvin’s assistance once again, and he was only too glad to offer
his presence. She asked him to help her coax her errant daughter back to
the flock. He considered her request his mission, sent to him by God in
order to give back some of what God had given him. Momma mater’s
daughter would be another whose shiny reflection would shine light on
Marvin.



Thus their bond.




FETTERS OF THE ENRAPTURED
FAMILY

“Are we meeting them or what?!”



Brazil paused, trying to remain calm in order to aggravate him as much as
possible.



“I liked you better when you were a drunk,” she evenly returned. “...liked
you more...”



“What?”
 “What is that supposed to mean?”
“It means that I think the alcohol that you used to drink when you woke up
made you a better person than you really are.”



“It’s the morning whine again.”



The Newcomer’s suggestion that the two of them become proactive in
Brazil’s relationship with her family was a relief and a beautifully
unexpected gesture, so Brazil had thought. He had chatted with
Geldsbaum about the legalities of confronting the Adseculae since the
surveillance placed on Brazil was becoming oppressive, if only to Brazil.
Proof of the hiring of a private investigator who had been employed by the
Adseculae to monitor Brazil was needed. The Newcomer was resourceful
enough to discover who the detective was, but the man proved unwilling to
betray his clients, even for money.



“What do we do now?” Brazil asked.




“We present a written document to your mother that we are aware of her
surveillance.”



“Forge a document?”
“How will she recognize the difference? What we need is that she cease,
not that she believe anything or other about us.”



“Once she contacts the investigator?”



“She will have been embarrassed into stopping the investigation.”



The admission in hand, they planned to travel to Wheaton where they
might confront the family and end the nonsense, as the Newcomer phrased
it. Yet, meeting with the family was not as simple as it initially seemed. The
Adseculae did agree to meet with them; they agreed readily to a date and
time.



“They never agree to any request of mine,” Brazil said.



Accordingly, when the date arrived, Brazil received a message that they
were not meeting. The specifics of the appointment were now different.
There were a few arguments while Brazil and Momma mater agreed again
on a date. The time of day was at issue, and Brazil’s audacity to claim that
Momma might not honor the present agreement caused friction, and again
the date came and on this occasion Momma mater simply stated she
wanted this or that done at a specific date.



“That’s their way,” Brazil explained to the Newcomer.



The Adseculae were accustomed to getting what they wanted. They
dictated conditions whenever possible and there was no escaping their
influence in the community; they held good repute. The family software
company was thriving, so they controlled an influential portion of the
economic part of the community, and they were intimates with Marvin
Jackdaw, he with Adder Dareios. The Newcomer was unaccustomed to
altering his plans for anyone, and he remained moody. He tolerated what
he believed was unreasonable behavior only because such tolerance was
necessary to assist Brazil, but the effort and something else




continued to madden him. Remarkably, for periods of time he was
considerate and thoughtful and he remained calm when confronted with
such childishness. Brazil regularly suspected that he was setting her up for
another devastating insult; it was possible. But no, he had no devious
maneuver in mind; he was genuinely concerned for his friends Brazil and
Mallory; he had taken a serene frame of mind about their well-being, which
disturbed Brazil. She was like an animal whose predator had been
removed or changed, always suspecting. Mallory knew no better. It was
then with an intermittently reasonable Newcomer that she had undertaken
to communicate a difficult message with her family, and she thought that
she would rather that he changed one way or another and remained one
way instead of becoming angry only to become contrite only to find himself
enraged, then calm again. She was, for the first time, proud of her friend,
though concerned. Brazil suggested that they bring Mallory along. She
thought that an inclusive gesture might compel the Newcomer to see that
she liked, or at least tolerated, the unfortunate, a gesture aimed towards
establishing good faith. Mallory agreed to attend on each occasion, but the
Adseculae were themselves manipulating the logistics of the encounter,
and the three were unable to meet with the family.
“Contending with them is like dealing with a hydra. Each time one makes
an agreement with them, another plan pops up and disrupts everything,”
Brazil commented to Mallory and the Newcomer.



When they finally made arrangements that were not summarily canceled
hours before they were to arrive, the journey to Wheaton was mostly silent,
except when Mallory--the man who insisted that he drive--found himself
lost. He refused, for some odd reason, to listen to Brazil’s efforts to
extricate him from the labyrinth that he had created. He found his way to
the large, well-kept house that was domicile to Adseculae only after a few
pauses along the road to examine a map. Brazil and the Newcomer
exchanged aggravated glances, and Brazil wondered why he refused to tell
Mallory to accept her earlier offered assistance. Eventually, Mallory drove
up a U-shaped driveway that ran along a huge front yard. He parked his car
and then was asked to park it again, and yet a third time on the street out of
the way of the guests. While he was parking his car, “Never again,” the
Newcomer muttered so only Brazil was able to hear.



She smiled.
When they walked into the front parlor, they were asked to sit and wait
where




they were. Their stay in the parlor lasted what seemed to be a long time,
and the three of them were able to hear whispered debates where the
words “Brazil”, “move them” and “guests” were bandied about. The three of
them were able to witness a smattering of the taste that permeated the
household. Several old- seeming books were decorously placed on glass
end-tables in the corners of the parlor. The Newcomer became interested
in one of them and he walked over in order to pick it up. The whispering
that came from the center of the house ceased abruptly, but the Newcomer
did not hesitate. The books lacked dust-jackets and they had the
appearance of well-made texts with cloth woven onto the covers, but when
he lifted one of them, all three “books” arose in his hand. The Newcomer
amusedly sat down with Brazil and Mallory, appearance the substance of
his surroundings. He laughed to himself, and Brazil was relieved to observe
some of her old friend returning. She would ask him what amused him later,
after Mallory had gone. Several classic “paintings” adorned the walls
around them. There was a copy of the Mona Lisa and an over-elongated
version of the last supper peered at them directly. The parlor was
immaculately kept and the area rug with its frills had been recently cleaned,
or perhaps no-one had ever actually stepped upon it. The Newcomer noted
that most or all of the books in the parlor were bogus, and the copies of the
most popular paintings of the ages had an artificial appearance to them, as
if they had been printed from someone’s computer. The seats where they
waited for their hosts were quite comfortable and someone had spent a
great deal of energy ensuring that all the pieces sat well together, but they
lacked that comfortable feeling of actual use. No wear diminished anything
in the living-space. The whole house seemed to be the same, as if no-one
actually lived there. Annoyed, the Newcomer pondered simply leaving
without a word, something he customarily did. Yet, waiting here with Brazil
and enduring the nonsense with her he actually found in some way
gratifying.



Strange that.



The three had been waiting for an hour when Momma mater emerged from
the back room. She was dressed in smart slacks and a woman’s suit-coat,
thick with age and pastries; her dress tailored so as to conceal her
imperfections possessed that same nonlived-in quality. Entering the room
majestically and obviously accustomed to respect or even awe, she
appeared as though she were wearing a robe--walking on purple carpet.



“Brazil, dear, it is so good to see you and your friends.”




Momma mater held out her hands for Mallory and the Newcomer to take
and Mallory grasped the woman’s hands in firm friendship. One might have
witnessed on the Newcomer’s face repugnance, not limited to the oddly
shaped woman who confronted him. Momma mater looked expectantly at
Brazil who recognized the unspoken command that her mother issued.



“Oh, yes, this is Mallory.” Brazil motioned to the unfortunate.



Momma mater nodded towards Mallory and she asked “What do you have
to do with my daughter?”



The question awkward and intrusive, Mallory was not certain what Momma
mater wanted from him. Mallory glanced back at Brazil, awaiting her
deliverance from the strange woman. He fumbled about for a moment and
he was about to speak.



“Mother, what does that have to do with anything?” Brazil asked in an
agitated tone. Momma mater ignored her daughter and turned her eyes
towards the Newcomer in an effort to diffuse the situation and regain
control of it once more.



“I don’t believe my daughter has introduced you. What is your name, young
man?”



“His name doesn’t matter,” Brazil practically shouted.



Having recognized her daughter's tone, Momma mater fell silent. It was
then that a portly fellow emerged from just behind Momma mater. Having
watched from just behind Momma, he was dressed in black and he sported
a patch of white near his Adam’s apple. His appearance was immaculately
presented in black, and his frame was soft and downy-like. He had
obviously eaten well his lifelong and his eyes were striking in their
bright-blue brilliance. The man fingered a shiny object in his hands, one
that was difficult to discern.



“My name is Marvin, Marvin Jackdaw.” He offered his hand to the
Newcomer.



The Newcomer shook the man’s hand gratefully, though he was unable to
suppress a grin on his face. Momma mater put her arm around Brazil’s
shoulders
and Marvin Jackdaw seemed to the Newcomer unwilling to relinquish his
hand. The three were led into the living room past more of the most popular
copies of paintings and along a red and purple intricately patterned rug.
The living area much like the parlor, the group sat and began their idle
chatter. The Newcomer observed mostly, did not wish to chat. He listened
to Brazil and her mother exchange barbs, compliments that were insults.
The thick and unsavory tension between the two ladies was amusing if one
did not have information about their past. Remaining beside the Newcomer
as much as possible, Mallory said not one word. The discussion turned
from Brazil to art with the Newcomer’s comment on the reprints present in
the room.



“Yes, we have no originals,” Momma mater commented. “You do not buy
local art?” asked the Newcomer.



“Local art is such Trash,” Momma mater added.



“Present company excluded, of course.” She tapped Brazil’s knee.



Marvin Jackdaw asked the Newcomer to accompany him to his art-room.
And the Newcomer followed the man to a room filled mostly with bright,
shiny objects and a few of what appeared to be velvet paintings. Marvin
asked the Newcomer if he wished to drink some wine, which was refused.
The two relaxed in an intimate room just beside the parlor, which appeared
as though it went regularly unoccupied, so lacking was there any signs of
wear and degeneration that are the signs of the living. Marvin began.



“May I chat with you a bit?” “About what?”
“Well, I thought perhaps you might be interested in a book I have.”



The Newcomer Slipped Marvin a skeptical look. “C.S. Lewis Mere
Christianity,” he issued dryly.




“Oh, then you know it.” “You wish to proselytize.”



“I wish to spread the word.” Marvin smiled at the Newcomer.



“Let me ask you a question. If I listen to you and propose to change my
beliefs, will you listen to me and propose to change yours?”



Recognizing what the Newcomer meant, the reverend Marvin Jackdaw
ceased smiling. He paused a moment.



“You know what is true, and you know what I believe is false. I can’t say I
know that about you. Yet, I am the indulgent one.”



The Newcomer paused here for a moment. “Who is wiser?”



“You have no arrogance?” “I possess another kind.”
“I take it that you are not a believer.” “I am a believer, but not in your belief.”



“I am prepared to talk about anything with an open mind.”



“But your faith will never waver?”
 “Well, no, my faith will not be shaken.”



“Then the topic you propose is worthless, since one of us has already
decided what is true and what is not.”




The Newcomer began again.



“Let me ask you a question, since you wish to chat, and do not take offence
at what I say; offence is not intended, though my manner is frank and
abrupt at times, and others sometimes suffer for it.”



“It's alright,” said the Jackdaw. “Go ahead.”



“Well, I notice your manner and your appearance. You have the look of a
man who has suffered not at all.”
“Whatever do you mean?” Marvin Jackdaw asked goodnaturedly.



“You have no genuine conflicts, nothing inside disturbing you. You live in
safe comfort.”



“I have a bit of peace, I suppose.”



“You have no adversity, or strife, at least not authentic strife. Am I wrong to
assume so much? Have you labored hard, suffered, for your position?”



The Reverend Marvin frowned a bit.
“I have dealt with strife and suffering...”



“...but that is not what I ask. Do you have any strife or suffering in your life?”
“I have, I have,” the Marvin returned.



“What would that be?”



“I have my own struggles. There are many difficulties associated with my
position.”



“But you do not wonder who you are, or what your life is. You do not
question your vocation.”
“I do wonder at what is the correct course of action,




what god wishes for me.”
“That is not the same as questioning one’s life.”



“It is difficult.” “Difficult, but not suffering.”



“Perhaps it is not suffering as you wish it to be, no.” “I see.”



The Newcomer looked around him impatiently.
“I would say that you are not a living man.”
Marvin Jackdaw cleared his throat, and sipped his soda.



“I would say that you have the look of a man who has no spirituality,” he
said.



“Perhaps I appear that way, but I venerate every day of existence, every
detail that emerges. Even the negative aspects of living are sublime. Living
makes life meaningful. I don’t indulge in a ritual that serves to remind me
how I ought to escape living.”



“You don’t celebrate any holidays? That’s a lonesome life.”
The Newcomer paused again here pregnantly.



“I relish birthdays, the beginning of the New Year, and the dates of the
deaths of tyrants.”



Again looking around the sterilized room, the Newcomer paused once more
here.



“I take joy from driving a well-built automobile. I relish ancient ruins,
paintings, intimate performances of chamber music, punk music, the blues,
things like that.




I require that others in my life be able. That recognition of every-day
profundity is what one might call ‘Spirituality.’”



The Newcomer thought to himself, chuckled.
“Perhaps I have been a bit too able and uncaring,” he said to no-one.



“What do you do when you are depressed, when you need support from a
higher source?” Marvin Jackdaw asked him.
“I suppose I turn to friends and the ritual of friendship.”



“What you say sounds all fine and good, but there are wars, torture,
death-camps, all sorts of evil in the world. What do you have if you don’t
have friends at a given time? Where then do you turn?”



“Then I suffer until I have new bonds that tie me again and lift me. It isn’t as
dreadful as it sounds.”



“You have little, if you have no friend in Christ.”



“Our conversation has turned on its head. You wish me to open myself to
your beliefs and you are closed to mine. I am expected to turn myself and
you congratulate yourself for lacking the ability to understand me.”



“Perhaps another topic is better.” “Perhaps,...if you like to chat.”



“Let’s talk about your friend, Brazil.” “Let’s.”



“Do you really think that it has been so bad for her?” “What do you mean?”
“Has she not told you horrible things about her family?”



“She has.”
 “Don’t you think that she may be exaggerating a bit?”



“I am her friend, and so no matter the facts, I take her position.” Thus their
bond.


                   ****
                   ******
                    ****



Mallory was enjoying himself more than he had in some time. When the
Newcomer and the reverend Jackdaw departed, so did Brazil and her
mother. He was left with a young woman of about eighteen years old who
appeared to him to be the most attractive female he had encountered in
person. She smiled at him when they first saw one another and her
gestures and open-handedness welcomed him with warm regard. Mallory
did not know how to act around such a female at first, especially since she
talked to him like a female living within her early twenties. She was playful
with her flashes of eyes and her light, nimble frame. Dressed in blue, she
moved her body about delicately, as if a slight breeze might disrupt her
charm. Still, she was able to preserve the allure that was so very powerful
to Mallory with an easy grace. She knew that he was attracted to her and
their insubstantial conversation was a more potent aspect of her general
attractiveness. She inquired as to his beliefs, and he asserted that he had
few of them, that he believed in something higher than himself. She smiled
at his smiles and laughed when he explained his beliefs to her, which
annoyed Mallory. Nevertheless, he did not demonstrate any obvious
perturbance, since he realized that he might scare away the sweet young
fawn. The two sat for a while chatting in the parlor about the knick-knacks
and whatnot that lay around and on top of the various pieces of expensive
furniture which welcomed visitors to the Adseculae. They then found their
way outside where a fine, clear day greeted them. Brazil’s family owned
large segments of land that had been a part of the community for many of
years. A thin, grey, gravel path led them toward a lake where the two
continued to reveal very little to one another, and Mallory found that he was
permitted to touch the girl. He did so carefully and gently in order to




retain her attention, laughing at her humor and flattering her. She was
indeed beautiful and she was not without motive of her own, though she
recognized what was Mallory’s intent. She held his hand and ran away
before him, ensuring that he glance at her youthful legs and her slender,
effortless movements. She asked him if he had been saved and Mallory
replied that he had not been, but “I’m willing to try,” he said.



She laughed and then frowned a bit, while she directed his interest out onto
the calm, restive water. She need make no effort and Mallory enjoyed
taking her. When they returned to the land, they again joined hands and
she led him into the house. She stopped at the door and “Wait here,” she
commanded.



Mallory grew somewhat excited as he stood before the immense house,
waiting in order to wait more. He paced along a multi-colored pebble path,
looking down at the crunching stone beneath his feet. It had been some
time, and he did not arrive here with the expectation that he would meet
anyone who might take up his interest as she. Mallory saw the young
brunette girl open the door to the house with a smile. Alone, she directed
him up into the center of the building along a white-carpeted stairway.
Mallory laughed to himself how he was floating up into a most comfortable
heaven. As she directed him, she stopped at an entrance or a hallway,
instructed him to stop and then whisk him along quickly in order to avoid
detection. Mallory suspected that the girl had done this sort of thing in the
past. Ultimately, she directed him into a room painted pink and adorned
with images of horses and raggedy Ann dolls and cabbage-patch kids. She
lay herself down on a bed nearby and tapped the space beside her. Mallory
sat down quickly and rubbed her back. She responded by touching his
arms and hands and the pair made single their varied desire. Mallory did
not think while he was engaged with the girl, but somehow his wits returned
when he redressed himself, and that thickening slump of lead that he felt
on certain mornings again plagued him. Twenty minutes of pleasure now
turned toward him with a vile grin. He observed her as he ruminated. She
smiled back at him, but she also had less of the allure that she before
possessed. Her need sated, she seemed to Mallory to be in a hurry. She
guided him out of the room and into the hallway where she told him to wait,
and then around a few corners and near the stairwell they came when she
suddenly rushed him back along the same path into the same room again.
Mallory noticed that there were several entrances to many of the rooms,
some locked and others wide open. The girl exited her room and Mallory
was able to hear muffled voices clearly.



“Another one up here with you?” asked the mature and confident voice of
an




angering man. “Daddy!”
“I saw you with a man on the lake. Where is he?”



Having heard the swishing sound of slippers on carpet and the opening of a
door, Mallory quickly darted out of the room through a door to an unknown
hallway that led to the rear of the house. He watched in front and back as
he descended into the darkened backyard through what seemed like a
shrine to television. He emerged from the house around the place where
the pair had begun their lakeside voyage. Mallory stood by the lake and
attempted to seem relaxed. He sat on a bench near the overturned boat
that the pair had used, hoping that he would not encounter the father. He
peered into the house and observed a man walking down the same flight of
stairs he himself had descended. He was older, and a loose short-sleeved
shirt concealed a potbelly. The man ceased his descent in order to observe
Mallory as he sat before the small lake. Mallory turned his gaze away from
the angry descendent quickly, but remained where he sat. He emerged and
let a door slam in the face of his pursuing daughter. He examined Mallory
carefully before talking and the unfortunate turned towards him.



“Hello.”



The man eyed Mallory suspiciously, then walked towards him. He lit a
cigarette and looked out onto the lake.



“How are you?” he calmly asked Mallory. “I'm good,” Mallory replied.



Soma emerged from the house with a concerned look on her face, which
quickly turned to relief and then counterfeit anger.
“You see, Daddy? You see?” The man continued to smoke.



“Jesus,” she continued. “You always suspect me, and for no good reason. I
don’t do anything wrong and you never trust me,” she complained with a
tear.




Trying to calm himself, the man turned to his daughter and embraced her.
“Perhaps I made a mistake.”



The portly man with the cigarette placed his arm around his daughter and
walked toward the bench where Mallory sat. He seated the two of them
down next to the unfortunate, himself beside Mallory between him and his
daughter. Almost without explanation, his expression turned from dour to
glad and he greeted Mallory with a grin.



“It seems I was in danger of suspecting an innocent man,” he offered.



Mallory turned a quizzical look toward Dareios. “Perhaps I can make it up
to you,” Adder claimed.



Mallory had sat alone for some time when Brazil and her mother emerged
from the house in an apparent argument. Brazil was composed, but her
eyes were red and her face exhausted. When they approached Mallory, the
demeanor of Momma mater changed and she smiled at him courteously.



“Have you been out here long?” she asked him.



“Oh, no ma’am. There was a girl who took me on a boat ride earlier, and
then she had to go into the house.” Mallory lied a bit, told a bit of truth.



“Soma,” Momma mater said with a grin.



“You know, I never learned her name. Anyway, I’ve been sitting here
enjoying the scenery since she left.”



“She is one smart girl, that one. She’s a Dareios, you know.”



“Oh really?” Mallory lied a bit again.
 The meeting with the Adseculae had not gone as Brazil and the Newcomer




would have liked. They had little chance to talk with one another, and the
way that circumstances arose meant that they had no chance to present to
the family the demand that Brazil’s family discontinue surveillance. The
Newcomer wondered whether the idea had been a good one in the first
place. They might have appeared as though they were paranoid; the family
was always able to deny their involvement, even though presented with
evidence. Brazil had explained how they denied even the most obvious of
inconvenient conclusions. The Newcomer suggested that they come to the
house just a bit more often and develop a good relationship with the family.
Perhaps when feelings were better and a bond was formed, the strange
actions on the part of the family might cease. Brazil disagreed thoroughly
and explained to the Newcomer that no amount of sugar would replace the
brine that she tasted when she talked with her mother. The Newcomer was
insistent; he wished to establish a good bond with them.



The next few weeks were uneventful. Brazil returned to her art and the
Newcomer immersed himself in enjoyment of the Lago, much to Mallory’s
delight. He offered to assist Brazil once again.



“Anything that will help,” he said to an incredulous Brazil.



Mallory worked with the Newcomer, but he was intermittently present to
Brazil and his employer. Never explaining where he was going or what he
was doing, Mallory simply disappeared for days in a row. Having returned,
he appeared to be more satisfied with himself than usual--at least that was
Brazil’s observation. One morning after having fallen asleep on a couch in
the living room of the Newcomer’s living-space, Mallory was awoken by the
pressing sensation of a light stream of liquid, a slight sting on his chin.
Dazed, he wiped his face with his hands and felt again the jet stream of
liquid near his eyes. The smell of vinegar somehow finding it s way into his
olfactory, he wiped the liquid from his face and rubbed his eyes only to feel
a burning sensation when he opened his eyelids. He was unable to see his
assailant because of the irritation that he felt. Annoyed, he wiped his eyes
with his shirt-sleeves, expecting to see a Newcomer in front of him when
his vision returned. Instead, he saw only a long-haired tortoise-shelled cat
playfully ignoring him.



Thus their bond.




THE MINGLING OF BLUE AND
BLACK

Leon’s mother annoyed him. She was not like his father who kept his affairs
in order and who gave a good impression wherever he traveled. She was
weaker than he, and her way of living after his demise had deteriorated to
the point that Leon felt compelled to live with and care for her. He missed
his father.



“That man was well-dressed and clever.”



He loved his mother, of that he was certain. Still, he wanted to get away
from her at times. She was so needy in some ways, and her habit of
purchasing, or scavenging, old objects and restoring them was quaint until
the need occupied every recess and corner of every room of Leon’s home
with antiques; the crevices were next. Surrounded by old objects and the
scent of stained and staining wood, Leon grew uncomfortable. He would
never leave his mother alone to contend with a hostile world, but he wished
that he possessed his independence, and he was unable to socialize at
home because of the



mess, which grated his good nature. Leon had to demarcate certain areas
of his apartment where his mother was not permitted to stray; he needed
some part of his place to be well-ordered. In spite of his request for
controlled space, he treated his mother and everyone else well, and he had
a great many options for social expression because he was well-liked by
almost everyone; he was the tawny giant. He regularly visited his friend
Felina who was grateful for the company. Felina was what Leon called a
“Greater Confidant.” She was informed about all that transpired in Leon’s
life and she was now aware of Leon’s concern about Adder Dareios, but
her comfort was not enough at this time. Leon also frequented one or two
taverns in the downtown area, and everyone befriended him there as well.
He he visited the Chicago library, attended concerts and other events, but
unrest remained. A number of college friends also kept regular contact with
Leon, if only through internet sites. His contemporaries had, after all,
scattered about the globe, but that kind of contact was largely unsatisfying
to




Leon at the best of times. Now, he enjoyed such interactions even less.
Possessed of a large network of connections, he was very capable and he
had the potential to accomplish much in the form of material success,
which was important to Leon.
“Quite important, yes.”
 Still, he wanted a different kind of success. “Not financial success so
much, no, no.”



Leon needed something else, and he was under the impression that Mr.
Dareios would be able to assist, as Dareios was able to assist in many
things. He thought again that he might be able to bring the Newcomer and
Dareios together in order that the two men form a bond. He had performed
the service of bonding before with good results.



“Of course, I would reap some reward, well, of course.”



Leon was oddly attracted to Adder Dareios, but he was reluctant as well.
He delighted in the gatherings of varied persons, and reveled in communal
associations with many persons, so he did not feel as comfortable meeting
Dareios individually on a regular basis, but Dareios insisted.



“No, I cannot refuse his request. How could I?”



And Leon met the man at different locations around the city, but always
where Dareios happened to have a meeting or an engagement to attend.
Leon thought it best that he not request to alter any of the important man’s
plans, but the demands and the places where they met were becoming
increasingly difficult for Leon to abide. He was willing to do as the man said,
but he was asked to keep the meetings confidential and Leon’s store of
excuses for long lunches and unexplained absences from home, work and
social events were fewer and fewer all the time. Dareios never asked for
any material that appeared to be private or harmful if revealed, so Leon
thought that revealing information would be harmless enough to his friend
and employer. Eventually, Leon’s assistance would bring profit to the
Newcomer, so Leon was satisfied with his actions. Leon had a need to
repeat that rationale to himself. Yet, what interested Leon most was that
Dareios did not appear to be overly interested in the Newcomer.




He wished to possess information about his whereabouts on given days
and his regular habits; he wanted information about what associates the
Newcomer saw, but little else. Leon thought it somewhat strange that
Dareios wanted trivial information, and he recognized that these men were
competitors of sorts; he thought that a bond between them might be
magnificent indeed.



“Why not permit me to introduce the two of you?” Leon asked on more than
one occasion.



“I like to observe from a distance,” Dareios responded.



“Oh, well, I can vouch for my employer. I believe him to be of admirable
character.”



“Oh really? What makes you say that?”
“Well, mind you, I have not been associated with the man for the longest
time, no sir. So, I cannot talk for certain about him.”



Leon shook his head and placed his hands on the table before him,
open-palmed.



“But, I have noticed that our mutual acquaintance has a
 thoughtful character. He is headstrong and unpredictable, but also
forgiving and reasonable. I must say, as I have said before, that he has not
been the same person of late, which is, it seems to me at least, a good
thing.”



“What do you mean?”



“Well...I feel odd saying so, but he was never very communicative at Corpu-
tech and he was in the habit of talking, well, let’s say...caustically to the
employees, but in the past months-I believe something has happened to
him-he is now...how shall I say it...more compassionate.”



“That is interesting. I wonder at the cause.” Leon was excited at the interest
of the man.



“Yes, Yes indeed. I did as well. He is more generous, and he appears to
have a greater concern for his employees at least. More affable too. I may
be imagining
these things, mind you.” “What makes you think so.”



“Well, I have never witnessed him invite anyone to his home, well, at least
not me.”



Dareios chuckled and Leon cleared his throat.
“Yes, well, I had never been invited, that is, until recently.”



“I see.”



“And at first I thought that he was tricking me in some way; he still has a
habit of teasing, but I’ve been to his home several times now.”



“I don’t see how that is any kind of change.”



“Oh, sir, if you knew him before and you knew him later, you would see that
there is a different man present, at least most times.”



“Most times?”



“Well, he has changed for the most part, but he does relapse into a darker
character occasionally, I dare say. His cutting silences and biting sarcasm
are brief...I fear he is in some kind of depression...he rages briefly, and then
he becomes contrite.”



“I see.”



“I should add also, oh I must, that when he comes to his new self, he
apologizes and he makes certain that he has made up for what he claims is
unreasonable behavior.”



“He is an interesting man.”



“I don’t believe he is any different than anyone else, no, I think he is simply
more.”




“How do you mean?”



“He seems to be more of everything. More anger, more indulgence...more.”



“Oh.”
“I think it has been a problem for him, sir, but I am of the hope that he
begins now to master himself.”



“What may be the cause do you think?”



“I do not know, sir, but it is as if there has been a birth of some sort, like a
man who is on increase somehow. He needs to grow into conscience, or
something like that.”



“I’m not quite sure what you mean.”



“Well, it is something that he said. He claimed one day that morality cannot
be legislated, and no education will produce an authentically moral man.
One’s morals need to grow because they are organic, a part of the, well, he
called human beings Homotheria. So, morals are part of the homotherion,
the organic virtue of that creature.”



“He is an odd one, isn’t he?”
 “I do think so, sir, but perhaps not more than we.”



Leon continued to visit with the Adder twice more. He explained to the man
the structure of Corpu-tech and he was able to alert Adder to much of the
habits of the Newcomer: his schedule, his love of his dogs and Leon even
possessed information about what Law firm assisted his employer. Dareios
was delighted with the information, but their meetings came about less
frequently. Leon inquired about the project that the magnate claimed he
would fund, but invariably the conversation ended there, or some urgent
situation demanded Dareios’ attention. Disappointed at Dareios’ refusal to
discuss what the two had originally agreed to discuss, Leon was relieved
that he was no longer required to excuse himself from meetings and other
gatherings that he enjoyed so much. He remained committed to bonding
the two men, but the danger to the Brigade and




himself seemed to have dissipated merely by the passage of time and
Dareios’ disinterestedness in the two men and their project. Dareios three
times more sent a proxy to ask Leon questions, which the tawny giant
disliked. Still, he answered the queries and waited, and after a time Leon
had no more contact with Mr. Adder Dareios.



Thus their bond.




BLACK AND RED MAKE BLUE

Leaning over the table in order to reach a brush that had rolled away from
her, Brazil did not wish to undertake the awkward and toilsome task of
moving her large frame in order to grasp the artist’s tool. She stretched her
arm out and barely tapped the handle just lightly enough to roll it away from
her. She needed it now, not soon, not later. Now. And it was barely out of
reach.



“FUCKING THING!”



She surprised herself at her reaction. She stretched again, but the brush
remained out of her every reach. The Newcomer was walking through his
front room where Brazil sat.



“Can you get that for me?” she asked, pointing to her brush.



He walked three paces nearer to her, and then he stretched himself toward
the brush, extending his hand only just short of the brush, though there was
no obstruction keeping him from it. He extended his hand twice more in a
sham attempt, mocking his friend with a grin on his face.



“GODDAMN ASSHOLE, JUST GIVE ME...GIMME THE FUCKING THING!”
Brazil raged.



The Newcomer expected that she yell, expected that she call him names,
but the vehemence of her reaction was stronger than usual, and he
suddenly ceased teasing her. He stepped twice and retrieved the brush,
handed it to her. She snatched it away angrily and refused to look at him.



“I was just kidding around.”
 “You’re a fucking child, you know that?!”
“I handed it to you.”



Brazil had been under a good deal of stress after her encounter with her
mother. She had adopted the Newcomer’s habit of drinking almost every
day. Her limitations unrecognized or disregarded, she imbibed hourly.



“I am glad that you are my friend,” she had told him.



She was not allowing her body to recover from the previous day’s drink,
and the strain of Bacchus began to impair her memory further. She lost
concentration at times as well, and the Newcomer noticed that she would
express the same sentence repeatedly, thinking that she had not yet
uttered the present remarks.



“My family is well to do. With all those, wohoo!” She pointed her fingers in
the air. “... things that wealthy people have...”



And ten minutes later,



“I come from a wealthy family, believe it or not...” She pointed her finger in
his face. “...they have big houses and are well-connected and all that
wohoo.”
“You told me.” And the next day...



“My family is well to do. With all those, wohoo!, things that wealthy people
have...”



Brazil became increasingly unable to perform the simplest of practical
tasks. Lately she was unable to follow directions to another part of the city,
or she might board the wrong bus or train and travel miles out of her way.
Previously, she had been more direction-savvy than most. But now, she
became lost several times and the Newcomer was able to send a taxi for
her only after considerable argument about where she was and a request
to locate her cell-phone via satellite; she stubbornly refused to tell him, or
she simply did not recognize where she was located. Often, her speech
was slurred to the point of inaudibility and her most sober moments were
quickly driven off by wine or liquor, even upon waking. Brazil claimed no
knowledge of their whereabouts, but all occupants of the Newcomer’s
abode understood where the alcohol had gone.




The Newcomer stored the most precious vintages elsewhere, noticing more
and more that he enjoyed the state of sobriety--though he had not
developed an aversion to drink. The sight of Brazil’s descent was
unpleasant to him and he wondered if he had appeared as she did when he
imbibed so much. Brazil continued work on her statuettes, but only in
appearance. The brush that she requested was about to be used to touch
up one of her already completed projects. Polish was needed to complete
most of her works, but not much. Because she was unable to conceive of a
new figure, she occupied her time touching up old pieces. Brazil ordinarily
occupied her time with art history readings, or French literature in
translation, but recently she left those interests behind for her commune
with Bacchus. Twice, the Newcomer and Mallory were compelled to carry
her home after her date with inebriation. She had never been very tidy, but
her area of the Newcomer’s living space was increasingly unkempt and it
had begun to emit a new odor, the likes of which neither Mallory nor the
Newcomer were able to place. It was within her own wretched state that
Brazil lived.



“Are you alright?” the Newcomer asked her. “I’m fine.”



She drank from a purple plastic cup. “Since when do you care?”



The Newcomer had no response to her question and he decided that
talking with her was senseless presently. He walked to the side of the room
where Brazil sat and began to read. The space was quiet for a time until
Brazil came over to him, sat on a couch beside him.



“So...I talked with my mother last night,” she began.



The Newcomer lowered his book and gave her undivided attention, which
made Brazil nervous somehow.



“They...they want...”
 The Newcomer’s patience remained short at times, long at others.
“They want what?”
 “They want you to come to church with them...with them and me.” The
Newcomer laughed.



“They what?”



Brazil paused and suddenly did not wish to continue the conversation.



“They want you and I to attend a service of Foedimmanis Fundamentalist
Church.”



The Newcomer was incredulous. “Did you explain to them...”



“...I told them it isn’t a good idea, but my mother insists that they want to
help.” “Help you?”



“Well, no. They think...” “What do they think?”



“The reverend Marvin Jackdaw believes you are a troubled soul.”
The Newcomer raised his eyebrows and rolled his eyes. The two stared
hard at one another, and Brazil breathed easier. Somewhere between the
two of them a grin emerged and after several moments of contemplation, it
appeared similar on the face of each. Both recognized and both laughed.



“Well, they have one thing correct,” said the Newcomer. “You want to go?”



“Will there be drinks?” he asked smiling.




Thus their bond.




GLITTERING BRAZEN TRIUMPH
OF THE UNFORTUNATE

The Newcomer felt joyous. He drove along Lakeshore drive in one of the
smoothest rides he had experienced, simply because of his Lago. It
responded quite well with the exception of some minor inconveniences.
The car had been painted a glossy jet black and the interior refinished to
the specifications of the hegemon himself. The Lago was not like other cars
he possessed; rather it was better because he felt as if he were genuinely
connected to the street. The simplicity of the mechanism produced a better
bond to the ground beneath its wheels. The interior of the car was
practically new, and the whole of the mechanism responded well to starts
and stops. Mallory was delighted with the Newcomer’s joy and the two men
smiled and laughed as they tested and retested the auto into and then out
of the city. Mallory was concerned that there might be an accident, that all
his labor might be ruined, but the Newcomer was jubilant enough to feel
invincible for the moment, perhaps the first time he had felt so. It was true
that he had felt powerful on prior occasions, but somehow his present
condition was different. He enjoyed the look and the feel of the auto and he
appreciated its restoration; he was preserving a part of history, he thought,
but historical preservation was not the sole reason for his jubilance. He did
not recognize it, but that he was in the car with the two closest persons to
him made the ride that much more pleasant. Brazil was close-packed in the
single rear seat of the coupe, and the ride along with the joy that Mallory
felt were grating her nerves. Still, she remained mostly silent, amazed and
gladdened at the high spirits of her Newcomer. Seeing him as he was on
the day that he first drove the newly restored vehicle brought satisfaction to
her. It was strange that he continued to wish to help her with her
relationship to her family, but she refused to question her good fortune. The
trip around and about the city was a four hour one, but the three
companions experienced it as if it were twenty minutes. They ate at a
restaurant downtown, discussing the particulars of the Lago and its




performance all the while. Mallory claimed that there were a few
modifications that he would like to make while Brazil offered that the car
appeared perfect. The Newcomer agreed with Mallory, but he noted that
the auto was running well enough at present. Modifications were in all
probability constantly needed, as they had already been. The day was clear
and the streets were less congested than usual because of the time of day
that the compatriots had chosen. Brazil and Mallory even managed to
converse with one another in a civil manner, but that graciousness did not
last. Brazil continued her preoccupation with distraction and alcohol and
her increasing mood swings dampened spirits.



It was coming time that the Newcomer and Brazil attend Foedimmanis
Fundamentalist Church, and as the time for their initial visit drew near, so
much did Brazil’s attentiveness and coherence fall away. The Newcomer
had attended services long ago, but he did not now recall their length or
manner. What he remembered was a great hall with wooden benches,
stained glass and intricate rituals accompanied by long-robed
official-looking men carrying incense. When Brazil and he arrived at
Foedimmanis Fundamentalist, he was amazed at the long, serpentine path
that led to the place of worship. The ride resembled a drive through a
subdued countryside as they passed a lake and a playground, a pool and
tennis courts that were part of the overall complex. He wondered how
natural they were. The actual place of worship contained less stained glass
than the Newcomer recalled from his childhood, and the altar possessed
less implements of worship, the place resembling a very large theater or a
stadium. The seats descended gradually from a great height down onto
and about the altar while another row of like plastic seats surrounded the
lower ones. Shaped like a U, the area of worship extended almost the
length of a sports field, and the maximum occupancy of the space
exceeded any estimate that the Newcomer might level. Clearly, the space
had been designed to house a great many worshipers. The altar itself
surrounded by deep red carpeting, speakers had been set high above the
audience and strategically placed about the worship-space in order to
ensure that all attendees were able to hear the edifying words of the
reverend Marvin Corvus Jackdaw. Brazil instructed the Newcomer on how
to comport himself, which really was no direction at all.
“Oh, you can just be yourself. No-one will bother you. They really are nice
people.”



The Newcomer pressed a dubious look.




“It’s just my family that’s psychotic.”



The worshipers were generally friendly, and the Newcomer noted that he
was able to become lost easily in the mass of persons who gathered
around the reverend. One was forgotten among them as easily as a
herdsman neglects a single animal. Enormously popular even as reverends
are concerned, Marvin Jackdaw was friendly and soft to the touch and his
portly frame gave the impression of a man whose nature was a soft
comforter, or a giant pillow. His manner was possessed of no jagged
edges, and one might witness several different pieces of jewelry dangling
about his person at any given time. Perhaps his nature would change
without them. If one were observant, they would notice that the jewelry
pieces were rarely the same, always a new trinket to greet his flock.



Momma mater took time from her busy schedule to greet and direct the
Newcomer and Brazil to a foremost seat, at least nearer the reverend than
they might have been, given their late arrival. She chatted with Marvin while
the seats filled, and she and Marvin gazed toward and beamed at the
Newcomer and Brazil, but especially the Newcomer. Though plastic, the
seats were comfortable and the Newcomer noticed that the persons
surrounding him were kind and soft, like Marvin. The congregation as a
whole appeared to have lived delicate, comfortable lives, as if they had
been sleeping gently on comforters and on enormous pillows. Many of the
older ladies wore a thick makeup that was designed to conceal their age,
but only made obvious how their faces had sagged over the years. Most
worshipers wore ties and semi-formal attire, again the most comfortable,
acceptable garb. The Newcomer and Brazil listened to a sermon from
Marvin about the sad state of the faith and the need to continue
proselytizing. The age that Marvin and his congregation lived was different
than any other; certain persons had lost faith. His words were competently
presented and many members appeared moved, but the Newcomer and
Brazil felt a flat, mediocre, deadening sensation when he spoke about the
friendship of Jesus. When the hour-long service had ended and the lights
brightened, the worshipers stood and the great mass of personages
blended into an immense dining hall where everyone paid a small,
reasonable sum for breakfast or other foodstuff. The Newcomer observed
vending machines and beyond closed double doors, he saw what he
thought was a mini-mall with Christian stores along a quaint enclosure,
mostly comprised of windows. Brazil motioned that he come with her and
the two arrived at a table where Marvin Jackdaw and Momma mater hosted
several worshipers gripped by every word either one of them uttered. The
topics




were serious, but safe. Marvin beamed as Momma mater spoke to her
captive, intimate audience about how profound her feeling of religious
sentiment had become. She emphasized that she was particularly proud to
be a mother and a steward of her children who had in turn followed the
path of the lord. The Newcomer observed the sullenness that emerged on
Brazil’s face as Momma mater spoke. After the table had been fed and
sated with coffee or tea, the reverend Marvin arose and announced that the
festivities would begin. The room arose and worshipers moved one another
about in a bustling egress out onto the field of the larger complex.
Everything about Foedimmanis was large and seemingly expensive, but
the number of members carried the weight of all that expense. The
Newcomer and Brazil managed to join forces in order to refrain from being
hustled where they did not intend to go. The reverend and Momma mater
became so busy with guests and worshipers that they had no time to
interact with them.



“When will we be permitted to talk with them?” asked the Newcomer on
their trip home.



“I don’t know. That’s how it is with my mother. She asks you to come to her
service, and then virtually ignores you.”



“Her service?”



“Oh, yes. It is her service, you know. Jackdaw is only window dressing.”



Brazil met the Newcomer's eyes. “At least, that’s what she thinks.”



The next Sunday, Momma mater and Marvin Jackdaw were particularly
aggressive about coaxing a reluctant Brazil and Newcomer to attend their
service.
“Now, again, please explain why are we asked to attend when they ignore
us once we arrive?” the Newcomer asked.



“That that’s how my mother works. She won’t ignore us




forever.”



The Newcomer was annoyed at the waste of time, and Mallory took some
joy in asking questions about what the two of them were doing.



“I still don’t understand. You’re supposed to be talking with your mother
about what? And she doesn’t even speak to you?”



The Newcomer grew more annoyed the more he contemplated the
situation, and though his presence was requested, he wanted little to do
with these social events. He felt nothing revelatory or profound when he
listened to Marvin. The congregation, while genial, was for the most part
vacuous; the majority, it seemed, were present only to demonstrate to
others their dress, or manner, even their latest accomplishments and some
of the others were annoyingly invasive. The older members of the
congregation were the more involved, the more serious about the faith
while the younger were aggressive. Still, the Newcomer had attended only
once. Perhaps he would experience some unforeseen, edifying moment,
and then he might have an altogether novel perspective. Again, the two
traveled to Foedimmanis Fundamentalist, having asked a reluctant Mallory
to attend. Again, Momma mater directed them to a particular place in the
church where the two were surrounded by friendly faces and warm hands.
The reverend Jackdaw presented a sermon on elements of the early
church and the need to adhere to the strictures given in the bible. Marvin
was blistering in his presentation on this occasion; one might observe the
sternness of Paul in his voice. The members of the audience were moved
to tears in some cases while the Newcomer and Brazil sat expressionless.
The words and the concepts were familiar to both, but the life and the depth
of feeling and intellect were again flat. The Newcomer contemplated that it
was a certain feeling that he did not experience here, but rather he
experienced such intuition elsewhere, practically anywhere else. At the end
of the service, the reverend Marvin personally greeted the pair, seizing the
hand of the Newcomer.



“You are most welcome, my friends. You are most welcome.” “Thank you.”



“Thank you.”
 “I hope we can chat again, like we did before.” He addressed the
Newcomer




with a wink.



Brazil wondered at the remark. When Marvin paid attention more to his
flock than to them, she asked him what Marvin meant.
“We discussed you,” he returned. “You did?”



The Newcomer laughed.



“Well, not really. When any substance emerged in the conversation, he
stopped talking. It was strange.”



He thought a moment.
“But not altogether different from his sermons, I suppose,” he added.



Marvin continued to tend to his flock, meandering about and gladdening
with a touch and a polish all that crossed his path. Momma mater raised
her hand in the midst of the crowd, directing the Newcomer and Brazil
towards her. She smiled, as others of the congregation had smiled, and
after the service, she drove the friends to her home just a few miles from
the church, Brazil’s protests that they had their own vehicle going unheard.
The Newcomer deferred to Brazil. At the Adseculae home, the two were
given a large, early lunch where the talk consisted of the weather, Brazil’s
dress, the delivery of the day’s sermon. Momma mater repeatedly placed
her hand on the top of Brazil’s hand, telling the both of them how much she
missed her daughter, how glad she had been when the two decided to
attend services at Foedimmanis Fundamentalist. The Newcomer disliked
the tone that she took with Brazil, one of a caring parent. Still, he deferred
to Brazil. After lunch, two of the Adseculae children and Momma mater
entertained Brazil and the Newcomer in the living room with a few drinks
and snacks. Brazil sat quietly while she listened to her mother speak about
her latest book and her lectures.
“Momma is a leading figure in the academic community,” Brazil explained
with an obsequiousness that tasted bitter to the Newcomer.



Momma mater continued to speak about her accomplishments and her own




thoughts about this and that for another hour, and the Newcomer watched,
waiting for Brazil to speak, interrupt, anything. Momma spoke and spoke
and spoke again, all about herself.



“You have not even asked her to talk with us,” he said to Brazil when
Momma had left in order to take a phone call.



“You don’t understand my mother,” she replied.



And Momma returned before the conversation went further. She led the two
around the house, giving a tour of an immense basement and two floors of
the cleanest and most neatly arranged material objects. She had invited
another two of her companions to listen with Brazil and the Newcomer and
together they formed a group that followed every word and gesture that she
presented. Before either Brazil or the Newcomer realized how long they
had been at her mother’s house, the afternoon had slipped into the early
evening. Thinking the pair was a nascent couple, Momma asked cursorily
about what the two of them did and where they lived.
“Mother, we are only friends,” Brazil corrected.



As the Newcomer continued to wait for the visit to end, Momma mater
directed the company to a section of the house where Brazil used to sleep.



“This is Brazil’s old room,” she said, smiling at Brazil who frowned.



Obviously embarrassed and angry at the exposure, Brazil
 continued her obsequiousness with her silence. Momma mater showed
her audience a number of porcelain dolls and figurines that lined the walls
of Brazil’s old bedroom. Momma handed several of them over to Brazil,
expecting that she in turn present them to the audience. Momma decided
that the Newcomer ought to see one in particular that, while of little value,
held sentiment for Brazil’s mother. The Newcomer held the trifle in his
hands, observing it, while Momma compelled Brazil to feel the material on
the dress of another figure. While watching the interaction between mother
and daughter, the patience that had so remarkably composed the
Newcomer observed that the figure was pleasant enough, even cleverly
constructed, one of a portly girl and a little dog. There were a lot of little
porcelain dogs silently barking in that room.




The Newcomer let drop the figure and it smashed into several pieces on
the floor, impossible to repair. Momma mater and Brazil froze. The rest of
the company said nothing. Momma bent over and began to piece together
the figure while Brazil stared hard at her friend, realizing his intent. He
shrugged. Recognizing the peril in which his maneuver had placed Brazil,
“Sorry about that,” he said.
 “Oh, its alright,” Momma mater returned.



The Newcomer squatted, his face near Brazil's mother. He spoke in clear,
and stern words.



“We have been waiting to chat with you about an important matter, but
Brazil is reluctant...” he began.



Brazil began to fidget with her hands.
“You see, we discovered that Brazil has been followed...”



He had pressed his face close to Momma mater, an unusual intimacy. His
brows knitted and his eyes cold, he reached into his pocket, retrieving a
photo-copy of a piece of paper.



“...and here is a document that proves an investigator was hired by you to
follow your daughter.”



Refusing the existence of the document the presence of her eyes, Momma
mater did not possess the strength to look up at her company of followers.



“We wish only to ensure that she is followed no longer. The reason for
surveillance on one’s own daughter need not be discussed, but you ought
to know that her mental and physical health is impaired by it.”
Brazil turned her gaze toward the floor and refused to utter a word. Some
of the company turned towards Brazil and others shuffled about, all wanting
to leave the hostile intimacy that had been generated by a few words.



“I am glad to see that you have been such a success here in your
community, but




it seems to me that your success as a parent has been...lacking.” His voice
increasingly piercing her geriatric ears.



He regained his composure after he arose from his crouching position.
Momma mater arose and placed the broken figure onto a small, decorative
table. Unable to talk, shaking, obviously disturbed, she departed the small
room. The audience that Momma brought left with her, some glaring at the
Newcomer. The Newcomer and company were left to exit on their own.
They walked in silence the two miles between the Adseculae house and
the church where their car waited. Though realizing that he had lost his
composure, the Newcomer was convinced that he had acted correctly, but
for the first time he was nervous about what Brazil might say. She
continued her silence until the next day when the topic of her family and the
encounter with Momma mater disappeared. Otherwise, she seemed as
much like the Brazil of late. She began her day with a vodka tonic.



Thus their bond.
VERA FAMILIA SANGUINEA

Brazil was difficult to move. She had fallen only a few steps and the
limpness that was the result of the alcohol ensured that there were no real
injuries from her slight descent. Mallory despised carrying the bitch up the
stairs, but the Newcomer insisted that they put her in her bed. The most
annoying aspect of Brazil’s fall was not the difficulty of hauling the weight
up a flight of stairs, but that she had collapsed from an alcoholic stupor at
the number nine in the morning. Alone and refusing company, she drank
herself into oblivion throughout the night. Two weeks had passed since the
Newcomer confronted Momma mater and shattered her fragile, soft, but
porcelain world. Brazil’s family had not contacted her since the incident, but
the surveillance seemed to have ceased for the time being. Brazil was
convinced that it would begin again in some new and incomprehensibly
devious and malicious way. Mallory continued to associate with the
Newcomer and Brazil in an intermittent manner, and the Newcomer rarely
took notice of his absence, so preoccupied with Brazil’s deteriorating
condition he had become. Brazil lay on her bed for several hours until early
evening when she arose groggy and incoherent. She found a half bottle of
wine, poured a tall glass and began to drink.



“You ought to lay off the drink,” the Newcomer more commanded than
observed.
“You ought to talk,” she returned.



“I see you drinking an entire bottle of scotch in a single afternoon only to go
out the same night and drain another half.”



“But, I am able to tolerate my intake. You...”
 “I am fine. And you do not have the tolerance you once had.”
 Brazil walked away only to run into the dining-room table next to her. She




almost fell to the floor again, and the Newcomer arose to keep her steady.
She grasped his hand and threw it away from her.



“I don’t need you or your stupid deceptions,” she shouted.



She pointed her finger towards the Newcomer and staggered a bit and
walked a bit away from him. She sat on the sofa where she had begun
sketching many days before, but had given up the effort. Mostly, she had
relegated herself to her own room where she watched television online and
entered chat-rooms, occupying herself with innumerable distractions. She
sat pensively on the sofa; the Newcomer, who was reading nearby,
recognized that she was concentrating on a thought directed at him. Only a
period of time separated him from its expression and he realized that she
would soon be yelling.
“And I don’t need...” she began in a drunken voice. “... and...I don’t...I
don’t...” She pointed at him.



Each attempt was more difficult for her than the last. She leaned towards
him, anger in her throat.



“You don’t need...,” he said. She glared at him.



“I don’t need you helping me with my family,” she finally asserted.



“I did what you...”
 “no, No, NO!” She interrupted.



She again pointed her finger at him.
“I need to do what I need to do,” she again asserted.



She paused for a minute.
“And that is...” She wobbled while she sat. “...and that




is what is,” she claimed, shrugging at the same time.
Brazil placed her drink on the coffee table before her, and
 because she had said what she had wanted to say for weeks, she relaxed
and fell dead asleep on the sofa. She awoke again only after another six
hours of sleep and she knocked at the Newcomer’s door in order to ask
him what she had been doing. She was unable to admit to him that she did
not recall the past few days, but she felt satisfaction waking him up.
Afterward, she took pleasure in annoying him, and to her surprise her
tolerated it, so she continued all the more. She hid the books that he was
currently reading in order to disrupt him, and she reprogrammed his
computer with new passwords. He was always coming to her, asking for
locations of books and passwords and when he misplaced his own keys,
he came to her.



“I don’t know where your fucking keys went,” she said.



In truth, she had not hidden them, but she smiled inwardly at his
consternation. At one point, she found and hid his journal, about which he
was particularly sensitive. Mallory kept clear of the feud, but was present
with detached amusement, present at the Newcomer’s home intermittently.
The Newcomer disliked intensely the position in which he found himself. He
had remained calm throughout, but over the period of a few weeks, he
grew less and less able to contain himself. It seemed to him that once he
offered solace, once he tolerated her bizarre behavior, she only acted out in
her bad manner the more.



“I’M TIRED OF THIS CRAP!” He raged.
 “GIVE ME MY JOURNAL OR LEAVE!” Again he raged.



He regained his composure only after he had thrown a glass and a book
against one of the walls. Understanding his intentions yet still angry, Brazil
waited until the day had passed, and when the Newcomer was safely
asleep, she placed the journal on his bed next to him. The two spoke to
one another little, each believing the other was in the wrong, each refusing
to yield. Mallory enjoyed this period intensely, especially the grief that was
obvious on Brazil’s face every day. Most meals were not common as a
result and those that were witnessed few words from the angry pair. Mallory
tried to initiate conversation between the three.




“How is the latest project?” he asked Brazil. “How is your mother?” he
asked.



The two friends began to talk regularly once again only when Brazil’s
mother contacted her. Momma mater’s tone gave no hint that any untoward
or difficult circumstances had arisen. Apparently, the incident had never
occurred, or perhaps it was an hallucination. Brazil had many such
delusions and hallucinations that Momma mater preferred she didn’t reveal
to the community of Wheaton, and she must have communicated them to
her friend. At least that is what Brazil suspected Momma might say were
she to breach the topic. Enough time had passed that the porcelain figurine
incident faded from memory. Just enough.



“Brazil, dear, won’t you bring your friend to our home again,” Momma mater
asked.



Brazil felt in her mind her mother tapping her on the shoulder, a slight,
superficial hug.
“We so enjoyed his company, and we’d like to continue hearing from you as
well.”



Brazil agreed to bring the Newcomer the following Sunday. And just before
the end of the conversation with her mother her mother added “We’ll keep
valuables out of your friend’s hands.” And that was the only reference to the
incident that occurred. The Newcomer was under strict orders from Brazil
to refrain from anything that might disrupt the counterfeit harmony. When
they arrived at the Adseculae house, there were present as many guests
as had been there the previous visit, though different personages. Momma
mater did not greet the two immediately, but when she gathered all of her
guests together, she introduced them as the daughter who was as close to
her as anyone can be except the lord and her friend who is an intimate of
the family. The Newcomer turned his head toward Brazil in order to express
a smile of mutual amusement, but knowing what he was doing, she refused
his expression. The events of the day were much the same as the events
of their last visit, with the exception of the tour of the house. Everyone
except Brazil and the Newcomer toured all the objects and collectibles
there were to see and not much more was present at that house. The
guests were taken to eat and to hear what they already believed. Momma
mater was rather expert at speaking to guests like these. Most of them had
heard the




same concepts, the same beliefs, even the same words from the first
moments they were able to believe anything. There was no question that all
of what they said was, is and will be true and all was bliss for the chosen.
The Newcomer attempted to amuse himself by interacting with certain
guests, asking them about their livelihoods and their vocations. Most being
brokers, accountants, computer technicians and the like, he asked one if he
had been religious prior to meeting the Adseculae and the man explained
that he had been bereft of belief. He had been an alcoholic who engaged in
all sorts of vile habits until he arrived at a nadir in his life. He had been
without the aid of his family, and his work, while profitable economically,
had left him without the ability to form strong bonds. Friendless and alone,
he found the church of reverend Jackdaw through a group affiliated with
one of his clients, a Dareios company. The church had given him strength
when he was on the brink of something else, when he sensed that he
needed to change his life.



Brazil and the Newcomer felt less comfortable when the guests gathered
together in the rear sunroom in order to sing hymns and rockabilly Jesus
shorts. Both given lyric sheets so that they might participate, neither Brazil
nor the Newcomer were taken by the music, or interested in the company
that refused their way of life and insisted that others accept, even embrace,
their own. The company of persons, while cordial and warm, left him dry.
Brazil had become accustomed to their kind of hospitality, but the
Newcomer was anxious to leave after the first Jesus short. Accompanied
by his wife and daughter, the reverend Marvin Jackdaw joined the group
briefly. The Newcomer attempted to engage them in conversation, but
besides Jesus or finance most were unwilling, or unable, to carry on a
conversation. Those who did listen to him cut short the conversations,
seeming averted to him, and he as if he were speaking to caricatures rather
than real persons. The services that he had attended, while emotionally
fiery and inspiring to most attendees, were mere repetitions of already
firmly entrenched beliefs in which he was unable to partake and were he
able, he would not have wished to do so. He felt as if he were dying here
with these kind, warm and comfortable homotheria who wished him well.
Brazil at times sang along with her family’s friends and at times the
gathering tired her. Both wished to return home, but the Newcomer
recognized that he ought to wait for Brazil and Brazil was uncertain, or too
timid, to explain that they must leave. A large meal and several snack foods
gave way to drowsiness and lethargy.



“Hello, you are Brazil’s friend, no?”




The voice of relief arose from tedium. “I am.”



“I would like to chat with you.”



The man beside the Newcomer was older and seemingly
imperious. He dressed casually, but one immediately recognized that he
was accustomed to authority, one who regularly took or was given what he
wanted.



“Adder Dareios.” The man offered his hand with his name. The Newcomer
hesitated, but took the hand in his own. Adder’s grip was firm and
long-lasting. The two men exited the gathering quietly and with little notice
from the other guests. Brazil had been busy chatting with acquaintances
from long ago, not noticing the Newcomer’s departure. Adder did not own
the house, but he acted as if he did. He understood the layout of the
structure as if he had occupied the domicile for years, and perhaps he had
in an indirect manner financed the construction.
“I understand you are a well-to-do young man,” Adder offered. “I am
financially independent.”



“You are modest as well. That suits a man of finance,” Adder observed. “I
am no man of finance.”



Adder led them into an intimate den. He motioned for the Newcomer to sit
on one of the comforters, a suggestion that was accepted. Adder poured a
drink from behind the bar.



“Do you drink?”
 “I do, but no thank you.”



Adder reclined in the chair next to the Newcomer. He observed the young
man a moment while he smiled.



“Nice people here.”




The Newcomer nodded slightly.
 “You know, I have little time for small talk. Do you have time for small talk?”
“I do not,” the Newcomer returned with suspicion.
 Adder laughed.
"I’ll leave it out then.”
Dareios sat back imperiously.



“You know, I see good people around me. I see good men and women who
do good things for others. Most of the people in this house are friends of
mine. I feel a kind of attachment to them that I don’t feel for others. You
know what I mean?”



“I do.”
 “Who do you feel for?” Adder asked.



“Brazil for one, if that is your business.”



“Brazil, yes, Brazil. I can see that, I can see that. I suppose you worry about
her as others do...but I worry about the people in this house. Probably just
like you worry for your friend. I think we have that in common. I care for
those who care for Brazil, and so I care for her and you do too.”



The Newcomer again nodded slightly. Adder paused a moment and the
Newcomer sat patiently.



“Have you heard of a man by the name of Robert Kessler?” “I have not.”



“No? Are you sure? How about Kasper Thanatos?” The Newcomer paused.
“He was a roommate of mine at one time.” “And Clara Alma?”



At the mention of that name, the Newcomer arose. His countenance
darkened.



“Sit. Sit,” Dareios commanded. The Newcomer refused.



“I mention these folks because bad things happened to them. I’ve heard
that Robert Kessler was severely beaten when he was a boy. That was a
strange set of circumstances.”



Adder scrutinized the expressionless expression on the face of the
Newcomer.



“Clara Alma died from a fall. Seemingly unnecessary and thoughtless.
Don’t you think?”



The Newcomer had no response.



“Kasper Thanatos was severely beaten, as well as his friends Oslow Depp
and Prentice Ate. Kasper lived long enough to suffocate beneath a fence.”
After a silence in which the both men thought, “What do you want?” the
Newcomer asked.



Adder leaned forward in his chair thoughtfully. He paused and then he rose.



“I...we...want your interference with Brazil Adseculae to stop. She is not
your business.”



“And I am to understand that you will unearth my past, if I do not comply.”



“You will leave this family alone.”




Dareios sipped his drink and again scrutinized the Newcomer. “That young
girl died. Do you remember that?”



“When Brazil finds that no-one follows her any longer, the Adseculae will
find that I have no use for them.”



“I know who you are, and, believe it or not, I am your friend. Remember
that the next time you speak with your friend’s mother,” Adder added.
In a silent ferocity, the Newcomer calmly left the room. When he emerged
from the den, he walked slowly, but his heart beat fast as he attempted to
quiet himself. Adder Dareios did not follow him into the waiting room where
Momma mater sat, once more entertaining guests with her talk. She smiled
at the Newcomer and he wondered how much she had to do with the
conversation that Dareios just ended, but the Newcomer mattered not at all
for the moment. Momma had a captive audience. “She has a lot of
captives” he recalled Brazil saying.



Now, the Newcomer had an urge to disrupt the entire affair. Rage, insult,
break the smooth, uninterrupted calm that dressed the comfortable
gathering. Better yet, he was powerful; he had availed himself of his
resources on prior occasions. “Why not destroy this woman and her
delusions?” he asked himself. Act as though he were a captive to their
threats; spread a few of his own veiled warnings; steal the women from the
men and make them his followers; captivate the old men with promises of
youth and long ago lost pleasure and then bring the walls of palace down
around these Adseculae after shattering the bonds that were never a threat
to him--these all were the thoughts that jumped about, laughed and raged
in his head. And when he observed Brazil whose features had exchanged
glad comfort in his home for bitter fear in the very house of her birth, he
recognized that he must be sure to do none of these things. He had lost his
calm too many times, had broken the backs of those around him, and he
recognized that such acts must be tempered or altered into others. He was
not a most influential person because he was wealthy, but rather he was
able because of what he might set into motion. His acts took on lives of
their own, and when he did good things, good perhaps was the result. It
was nothing more than his will and his recognition that his friend might
suffer that wrapped a just habit around him. The Newcomer squatted
beside Brazil who was seated in a lounge chair and placed his hand on her
shoulder. She recoiled at first, thinking it her
mother or another member of her family. Realizing it was he, she leaned
back, again permitting the touch.



“It seems you are in demand,” Momma mater said quaintly to the
Newcomer.



She pointed to Jackdaw. A beaming Marvin motioned to the Newcomer to
come toward him. After his encounter with Adder Dareios, the Newcomer
did not wish to converse with the reverend, but “Go ahead. Go on.” Brazil
motioned impatiently for him to see what Marvin wanted. She remained
with the other guests while Marvin placed his hand on the shoulder of a
Newcomer who instinctively withdrew. Marvin led him into the kitchen
where several women were preparing another meal for the guests and
beyond into one of the sun rooms.



“I hope to see you next week. Brazil’s mother and I no ticed that you have
not attended our service for a while,” he said as they walked.



The Newcomer marveled at Marvin’s ignorance or denial. “No.”



“Well, we invite you to come any time and find the lord.”



“Find the lord?”
“Yes, every week. Every week, every day, every year we find the lord here.”



The Newcomer pondered the situation for a moment before he replied. He
observed the well-dressed and portly man whose appendages were
decorated with gold and whose fingers glistened with bright stones.



“And Adder Dareios is part of your congregation?” “Yes, indeed. And proud
we are of that fact.”



Marvin bit off a piece of some pastry he had been carrying with him.




“In fact, our church would not be what it is without Mr. Dareios. He is a
cornerstone of our efforts to spread the word.”



“Would you say that his input is important to the church?” “I would say that
it is vital.”



“Marvin,...” The Newcomer took the liberty of addressing the reverend by
his first name. “...on that much we agree.”



Thus their bond.
THE FATE OF THE
UNFORTUNATE

Mallory moved back completely into his home, never having really been
satisfied living with the Newcomer; and that fat bitch he would not miss at
all. The dogs were another matter, friends of course, though he would
never live with an animal of his own. Once Mallory completed his change of
address, it was evident to him and to the Newcomer that they would not
keep one another’s company as often; Mallory did not realize then that the
pair would grow apart completely. He had been concerned for his employer
for a while because of the mood swings that the man experienced, but he
had also become afraid. It was strange that Brazil, though seemingly as
afraid of the Newcomer’s ravings as Mallory, was prepared to remain with
the strange man.



“One more time, if he had acted that way one more time, I’d have knocked
him out,” Mallory told Amity.



“Hey, I am just glad that you are away from that guy. Trust me, he’s no
good,”she returned.



Mallory nodded, but he felt as if he had wasted a lot of time trying to form a
lasting bond that proved to be worthless. He had not accomplished much,
though he had good employment for a time. Mallory was also a bit angry
that the Newcomer had not found him some kind of better position. He had
expected as much, but when Mallory hinted at such assistance, “Do you
have any special skills?” the Newcomer asked.



“You know I am a good mechanic.”



“Yes, that’s true, but I don’t really have any projects right now. If I have
need of someone, I will contact you. Is there something else you can do?”




The truth was that Mallory had few skills besides the ones he used when
he worked for the city and when he was the clean-up plasterer for “Blown.”
He had the skills that his father gave him.



“I am not able to pay you for doing nothing at all, you see,” the Newcomer
had explained.



Mallory pointed out that Brazil did nothing in particular and the Newcomer
supported her almost entirely.



“I own a part of the proceeds from many parts of her work. She and I have
a patron-artist relationship,” the Newcomer said.
Mallory frowned at that explanation.



“I know it seems as if we are only friends, well, we are friends...” The
Newcomer continued. “...but she works hard to produce art that may one
day bring in a great deal of money.”



Mallory was quite disconcerted about the outcome of his efforts. Still, he
had found some joy in his encounters with Soma. She was rather younger
than he, but her company was a delight and through her he began learning
a great deal about the religion of his childhood. He had never really
analyzed, or actually even read, the bible, though he accepted its
teachings. Reading with Soma especially, Mallory had found a relief and a
way of bonding, and association with her had other benefits as well.
Through Soma he met the reverend Marvin Jackdaw and many others, all
of whom were good contacts for Mallory. And then Adder Dareios himself
was a connection that he had made.



“Maybe he will be better than that freak and his fat bitch,” he thought.



And Dareios was employing Mallory presently. Mallory possessed
documents that were of interest to him somehow and Dareios wanted to
hear information about the Newcomer. The two men met regularly and
each time Adder gave Mallory something for his efforts.



“I may be able to use a man like you,” Dareios said regularly.
“I am able to do many things for many people. You’ll see.”



Mallory hoped that he might be able to do odd jobs for Dareios in the
future, but for the time being he needed work. It was true that the
Newcomer gave Mallory enough money to survive for about six months, but
Mallory suspected that he would need money sooner because of the habits
he had adopted while living around and about “those two Judases.”



Meanwhile, Mallory sought to return to his old job. “Blown” had been
deleting the ranks of his underlings with steady force, and the supervisor
above Blown did not wish to relieve the man of his job, but he was in need
of a worker who was able to tolerate Blown’s attitude and temperament.
And it was true that Blown and Mallory worked well together, but only if
Mallory did as Blown desired. Mallory was hopeful that Dareios and his
daughter might give him a new, more profitable direction. He had six
months; he would talk more with Dareios.



Thus their bond.




TAWNY YELLOW ENDINGS
Leon Orchrosovich was annoyed by his mother again. Her usual habit had
arisen just last Tuesday. She purchased another antique rocking chair that
she wanted to refinish. Actually, she was adept at the process now; she
was able to bring pieces of furniture back from the brink of oblivion and
once her project was complete, each piece possessed a certain charm.
Still, Leon’s apartment, though large, housed at least five similar chairs;
Leon had lost count. Also, his mother leveled the same complaint to him
about his marital status, which had only changed slightly over the years.



“I'm fearful that I will never see any grandchildren from you,” she lamented
repeatedly.



Leon's mother purchased so many what-nots and knick-knacks that he
simply had to leave his own dwelling, even though he had carved a path of
order within it. These in addition to the chairs. He supposed that the precise
circumstances of his bond with his mother would not change, until she
exited the race for comfort that she had entered so long ago, almost ninety
years.



“She is in good shape,” he thought. “Good shape indeed. For a
ninety-year-old woman.”



Leon was also somewhat disconcerted that he had lost contact with Adder
Dareios. He had not seen the man in months, and Leon suspected that he
would never dine with the magnate again. He had given Adder a great deal
of trivial information, and repeatedly he had attempted to bring his
employer and Dareios together because he continued to believe that the
two men would form a lasting and perhaps even profitable bond.
“They will thank me. Yes, yes. They will thank me, and invite me to an
event that the two men fund. The event will be a formal one and the guests
will all know, yes, know how to comport themselves. I will stand up and give
a short,




meaningful and tear-jerking speech. They will all applaud and all the wind
and smoke will disappear.”



Leon thought that the man would fund some private projects for him, that
Dareios understood how difficult it might be for Leon to create software
unfunded. Perhaps Dareios had researched the project and found, quite
incorrectly, that Leon’s idea was not tenable. Such perspective was narrow
and absurd, yes narrow and even childish, thought Leon. It would work one
day. It would indeed and Leon would show them that they are all wind and
smoke.



“Yes, wind and smoke.”



It was no matter. Leon had his companions at Corpu-tech. The Brigade had
finally calmed down a bit after so much anxiety that was caused by what
amounted in the end to almost nothing. Dareios had not given any
information to the Newcomer, and so the meeting between the magnate
and Leon was no issue at all, after all. Leon suspected that no potential
problem actually ever existed, that perhaps Adder used the circumstances
to his own advantage and there was nothing more to understand.
“Clever. Very clever,” Leon mused.



And Leon enjoyed his position at Corpu-tech. He was well-liked, well-liked
indeed. Felina remained a trusted confidant. Knowing that he would always
find a way to keep affairs running smoothly, she was ever grateful that Leon
was present.



“Felina the great.”



Leon was surprised at the friendliness and sociability of the Newcomer. He
invited Leon to festive occasions at his penthouse now, and Leon got along
well with both Brazil and the Newcomer, though Brazil was increasingly
difficult. Leon had spent an evening drinking from a silver bell, and he had
also driven about the downtown area with the Newcomer and his artist
friend, looking for recitals, bars, and sometimes simply walking about. The
Newcomer had his animals always in tow, and Leon enjoyed their company
as well. He had made the canines his companions long ago.



“Bribes work, they do,” he thought.




In fact, Leon was supposed to meet with them tonight, and his excitement
led him to a desire to get away from his mother, his life changing in ways
that seemed good. He had been invited to a grand occasion and he
planned to bring several different kinds of persons together. The Newcomer
explained to Leon that Leon was permitted to invite anyone. And, Leon
thought to bring everyone together.



“Everyone possible, that is.”



Hal Joysticker, the Brigade and Felina were only a few of those he told
about the event. He invited college friends who would not otherwise gather
with others, but the interest generated by Leon’s descriptions of the events
made them curious. Leon was a gilded bonder, and the Newcomer
appeared to enjoy his company. He heard about some additional difficulties
that his employer had experienced, and as a matter of course, Leon offered
his assistance and counsel. Leon thought that nothing would truly change
in his life, that he might continue to work at Corpu-tech for decades,
perhaps the remainder of his life. He may never have the opportunity to
create his program, and his mother’s habits were not about to change any
time in the near future. Leon was able to enjoy what he possessed, and
others lacked precisely that edifying grace. When he thought about how
many of the circumstances of his life were unchangeable, how perhaps he
would die without doing as he always wanted, a leaden weight pressed
upon the back of his skull, and down along the rear of his throat. But for
Leon, the feeling didn’t last long. He had a thin, strong and tawny thread to
interweave about, beneath and around those with whom he associated.
When he died, he would at least have accomplished a bonding of persons,
and though that itself was as temporary as his life, it gave comfort to the
blond giant. He would abide, yes, yes. Abide he would, and gracefully.



Thus the tawny bond.
PURPLE BECOMES THE WINE
GOD

The Newcomer was unusually calm in view of the news he received. He
suspected that he was in shock, or perhaps the latest events had not come
to realization in him. He had been moody less and less as the memory of
Mallory’s accident faded from his thoughts, and so other memories. He had
made plans for the evening with Brazil and a number of others with whom
he had little acquaintance. Like many others, these persons passed
through his life somewhat quickly, some remaining in order to ask for
assistance or favor in one way or another. He had reason to be suspicious
and careful because he was wealthy; many others befriended him only to
curry favor and he had the ability to discern an opportunist from a genuine
friend, but he noticed that he let his guard down at times, not wanting to
confront the tiring need to second-guess almost everyone. Brazil was
sound; she would not abandon him, he believed. She had proven as much
over the past few months even, but now she was genuinely a phenomenon.
She was in a way taking control of the situation that now confronted both of
them. The Newcomer was calm, but he was also inactive. Usually, he was
able to take control of any situation because he had so much resource,
both personally and financially. Presently, matters were different, but how
much no-one was yet able to determine precisely. The Newcomer had
found that someone within the trusted circle of his business associates had
embezzled money from his estate and holdings. He did not consider
himself an entrepreneur, nor did he believe he was possessed of an
authentic business mentality, but he wanted that he remain comfortable and
he enjoyed his indulgent living. Thus it was with a dreadful and terrifying
awe that he heard the news. The most troubling aspect of the situation was
that he had no contact with his most trusted aide and counsel, Ülrich
Geldsbaum. His attorney appeared to have dropped off the face of the
earth along with an unknown amount of money. Brazil was busy asking
questions of different persons who had lesser authority than Geldsbaum.
She looked into the Newcomer’s affairs and directed him to ask this and do
that, and he was grateful for her assistance because he was unable to
muster the will to do anything at this




time.
 “Now is the time to do everything in your power. Don’t hesitate,” she said.



It was possible that the Newcomer had lost everything that he possessed.
Depending on the damage, he might even find himself in debt after
everything was settled, but he had no lawyer to contact and he did not
know precisely where he ought to look, whom he ought to trust, in order to
determine the damage, though he thought he had held a firm vigilance over
his property and capital. That was what drove him to inaction. The theft was
done with inside knowledge, that much was certain. The identity of the thief
would remain hidden until the Newcomer or Brazil, or some other, found
their way through a labyrinth of departments and sections of Ousia inc. The
thief had convoluted the path that would lead to his discovery by the
creation of false accounts and
 misleading information. The theft occurred at an unknown time because
the complexity of the investigation prevented a determined chronology as
yet. Only Brazil was really trusted, and she possessed little understanding
of finance. She faked her way through some parts of the inquiry, but it was
evident that she possessed far less understanding than the Newcomer, so
the process of determining precisely what happened was complicated
further. Brazil was frantically attempting to ascertain damage and control
loss, and certainly she had a stake in the finances of the Newcomer. The
first thought that occurred to the Newcomer was that Adder Dareios was
somehow responsible, but Brazil did not agree.



“That man owns more, controls more and has more ability to obtain more
than you do. Why on earth would he steal anything from you?”



“I don’t know.”



Several days were taken up in the initial confusion and still the extent of the
loss was not fully determined. Each time the Newcomer found what
appeared to be a bottom of the loss, they found new accounts that were
empty or false accounts that led to more debt. Computer files were missing
as well. All of the news the Newcomer took in with an unexpected quiet.
The loss of the money and other capital hardly affected him. Brazil
expected some kind of explosion, and soon, but no destructive reaction
emerged from the Newcomer. After they had investigated for several days,
but before the extent of the loss was fully understood, the Newcomer took
Brazil aside and asked her to let others




investigate.
 “Let it go,” he said.



“Are you mad? You know that your way of life is prob ably dead, don’t you?”
“I realize that.”
 “I don’t know what to do.”



“Let’s go on with our plan.” “What plan?”



“We are supposed to go out tonight.” Brazil let out an exasperated sigh.



“You can go out now?” “I can.”



The weekend had come and the Newcomer and his ally continued with the
scheduled festivities. The FBI was now involved, but thankfully the media
had not learned that a potentially massive embezzlement had taken place.
The Newcomer and Brazil were able to act as though nothing had changed.
In fact, little had changed. That realization was part of the Newcomer’s
comfort and “I am even somewhat comforted at the loss.”



And Brazil did not understand, but she took him at his word. Their
scheduled gathering of drunkards would continue. Leon would be present
and he claimed that he would bring many interested persons. Perhaps the
Newcomer would find what he sought there, after he had searched for so
long. He gave strict orders to Brazil to refrain from divulging any information
about the embezzlement and she was to feign her ordinary self, and act as
such.



The pair arrived at The Everyday Tavern Entautha at the appointed time
where they met up with Mallory who brought with him a rather young lady.
There
Leon and Hal Joysticker, the Brigade and his wife, Felina the great, Amity
and Gruntle, and another small gathering of others arrived and were briefed
about how to sing. Brazil invited Fuscus, a woman who had been to one of
their previous gatherings and an old man who appeared to be homeless.
The Newcomer was suspicious of the old fellow initially, but Brazil insisted
that he would not cause trouble. Each was given sufficient drink to soften
the edges and relax them. All the expenses the Newcomer paid.
Possessing an indescribable allure over them, the old man drank wildly and
danced with as many young girls as would agree. Hal and Felina mostly
associated with one another and the Brigade and his wife departed early,
before the true festivities. Fuscus enjoyed shocking the attendees with
nihilistic comments about the environment and politics. Exceedingly
inebriated, Leon meandered back and forth, asking questions of everyone
and laughing almost constantly. The Newcomer imbibed wildly his intimate
associate, Blackman, once again able to tolerate the joy- giving liquid.
Brazil was content, if the Newcomer was satisfied, but she was curious.



“You were looking for someone, weren’t you?” “What do you mean?”



“We were trying to find someone, or something for the longest time.”
 “Oh, yes. I have not seen him recently.”
 Just then a balding old man in a clean suit and high-top shoes approached
them.



“May I?” he asked politely for Brazil to dance.
She obliged the man, as did almost all the young women present. After a
time in the Newcomer’s abode, he directed the gathering to Wheaton
where, unexpectedly, the group was able to carry a tune.



He is sweet upon the cities.
 He drops to the boulevard from the
 running packs.
 He wears the blessed skin of drab-olive; hunts the wild homotherion and
kills it.
 He delights in street flesh.




He runs to the swamped cities, to the cities of Homotheria he runs! He is
Pedai who leads us!
Pedai! Pedai!
With crude the city flows! It flows with wine!



It runs with the blood of mercury! Like charred amber in its scent
 is the blaze of the torch he bears. Flames rise from his trailing staff as he
runs, as he dances,



kindling the idlers,
 spurring with cries,
 and his black curls stream to the wind!
 And he cries, as they cry, Pedai!
On, Pedai!
On, Pedai!
Follow, glory of Pedai,
hymning the other
with a tumble of drums,
with a cry, Pedai! To the industrialized god, with a shout of vacant cries,
when the blessed lute like honey plays
the sacred warbling of those who go
to the cities!
to the cities!




EPILOGUE

An unremarkable man of around forty-five years of age was not witnessed
by anyone making a phone call because almost everyone was talking on
the phone. He wore non-descript clothing, plain, and his hair was cut and
fashioned in the current style. He carried only one, small suitcase, and he
walked with the confidence and ease of a man whose life meant more than
others. He carried with him an exquisitely crafted passport that sported the
name “John Bush.” He was not rushed, and he waited patiently and smiled
at the security guards. Everything he needed was already waiting for him in
Europe.



“Hello, it's done.” A pause.
 “Yes.”
 Pause again. “Yes.”
A final pause.
“Tell Mr. Dareios it has been a pleasure.”
